Sentence 0: Istanbul (CNN) -- An earthquake that rattled western Turkey killed at least two people and injured dozens more, hospital and government officials said on Friday.
Sentence 1: The 5.8 magnitude quake, recorded late Thursday, occurred more than 200 miles west-southwest of the capital of Ankara, the U.S. Geological Survey said.
Sentence 2: Turkey's Kandilli Earthquake Observatory said the epicenter was the town of Simav in Kutahya province, where aftershocks rippled across the region overnight.
Sentence 3: Hospital officials in Simav reported about 150 injuries, most of them minor, and some structural damage has been reported.
Sentence 4: Emergency officials swiftly responded with search and medical crews, and supplies such as blankets, water and food.
Sentence 5: The Kutahya region recently had a scare of leaked cyanide-contaminated water from a wastewater dam after an embankment collapse.
Sentence 6: Crews are checking to see whether the dam was damaged by the quake and so far, there is "no risk," said Veysel Eroglu, the environment minister.

Annotator 0: Sentences 1 (importance 2), 0 (importance 1)
Annotator 1: Sentences 1 (importance 3), 0 (importance 2), 2 (importance 1)
Annotator 2: Sentences 1 (importance 3), 0 (importance 2), 2 (importance 1)
Annotator 3: Sentences 1 (importance 3), 0 (importance 2), 2 (importance 2)
Annotator 4: Sentences 1 (importance 3), 2 (importance 3), 0 (importance 2)


Sentence 0: Port-au-Prince, Haiti (CNN)  -- Six Haitian orphans, at the airport and on their way to new lives in the United States, had their destination changed at the last moment.
Sentence 1: Now they are at an orphanage, under the custody of the Haitian government, while the details of their departure are sorted out.
Sentence 2: Sarah Thacker, a Minnesota woman who was in Haiti to bring home her newly adopted son, now finds herself facing allegations that the paperwork she held was forged.
Sentence 3: Thacker and two other women who helped her were not arrested, but are the subject of the incident that follows the arrests of 10 U.S. missionaries accused of taking a group of Haitian children out of the country without the proper paperwork.
Sentence 4: All 10 were charged with trying to take 33 children out of Haiti without any legal authorization after a magnitude-7.0 earthquake devastated the country on January 12.
Sentence 5: Eight of them have been released on bail and have returned to the United States.
Sentence 6: Thacker and the two other women were going to escort six Haitian orphans to the United States to new families, including Thacker's adopted son, Reese.
Sentence 7: "I can understand paranoia and absolutely, and I understand there was a story about people illegally taking children out of the country, but fear doesn't justify these actions," Stephanie Anderson, a volunteer who was helping Thacker, told CNN.
Sentence 8: On Saturday, the three women were outside the Port-au-Prince airport waiting in line to transport the children in a private plane when, Anderson says, they were surrounded by an angry mob of men demanding to see their paperwork.
Sentence 9: "They started screaming at us that they are Haitian children, and who do we think we are taking their kids from their country, and these missionaries can't be stealing kids, and they started swearing and yelling at us," Anderson, who is not a missionary, said.
Sentence 10: The police were called in and the women were detained for eight hours, they told CNN.

Annotator 0: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 1 (importance 2), 4 (importance 1)
Annotator 1: Sentences 4 (importance 2)
Annotator 2: Sentences 4 (importance 2)
Annotator 3: Sentences 7 (importance 3), 2 (importance 2), 0 (importance 1)
Annotator 4: Sentences 4 (importance 3), 3 (importance 2), 8 (importance 1)


Sentence 0: (CNN) -- A tsunami advisory has been issued in Japan after a 7.2 magnitude earthquake struck off the coast of Japan's main island of Honshu, the Japan Meteorological Agency said Wednesday.
Sentence 1: The quake was centered 169 kilometers (105 miles) off the east coast of Honshu, directly east of the city of Sendai, the U.S. Geological Survey said.
Sentence 2: The quake occurred about 8.8 miles below the earth's surface, the USGS said.
Sentence 3: The expected height of the tsunami was only expected to be 0.5 meters (19.6 inches).
Sentence 4: CNN correspondent Kyung Lah said she could feel the earthquake in Tokyo, 267 miles southwest of the quake's epicenter, and said the shaking lasted as long as three minutes, but that there was no significant damage.
Sentence 5: TV Asahi showed video of boats rocking back and forth, as well as images taken from shaken city cams as the earthquake hit.
Sentence 6: CNN's Kyung Lah in Tokyo contributed to this report.

Annotator 0: Sentences 2 (importance 3), 5 (importance 2), 4 (importance 1)
Annotator 1: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 1 (importance 3), 4 (importance 2)
Annotator 2: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 1 (importance 3), 2 (importance 2)
Annotator 3: Sentences 2 (importance 3), 1 (importance 2), 0 (importance 1)
Annotator 4: Sentences 4 (importance 2), 0 (importance 1), 1 (importance 1)


Sentence 0: Kathmandu, Nepal (CNN)Rescue crews and residents in Nepal early Sunday began the desperate search for survivors after a magnitude-7.8 quake near the capital of Kathmandu a day earlier flattened homes, buildings and temples, causing widespread damage across the region and killing more than 1,800 people.
Sentence 1: Follow the latest coverage of Nepal earthquake

Whole streets and squares in the capital of more than 1 million people were covered in rubble.
Sentence 2: Stunned residents stared at temples that were once part of their daily lives and now were reduced to nothing.
Sentence 3: Locals and tourists ferreted through mounds of debris in search of survivors.
Sentence 4: Cheers rose from the piles when people were found alive -- but mostly bodies turned up.
Sentence 5: The injured ended up being treated outside overflowing hospitals, where crowds of people gathered looking for relatives.
Sentence 6: Dozens of bodies were pulled from the historic nine-story Dharahara tower that came crashing down during the quake.
Sentence 7: At least 17 people were reported killed on Mount Everest, where the quake caused multiple avalanches.
Sentence 8: A seemingly endless series of aftershocks continued to roil the area, further traumatizing survivors.
Sentence 9: Residents huddled in the cold rain overnight for safety.
Sentence 10: The death toll of 1,832 is expected to rise as the full extent of the damage is assessed.

Annotator 0: Sentences 8 (importance 3), 6 (importance 2), 0 (importance 1)
Annotator 1: Sentences 4 (importance 3), 8 (importance 2)
Annotator 2: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 1 (importance 2), 7 (importance 1)
Annotator 3: Sentences 9 (importance 3)
Annotator 4: Sentences 3 (importance 3), 0 (importance 2), 2 (importance 1)


Sentence 0: (CNN) -- Japan's cabinet on Friday approved a $49 billion budget to help in the reconstruction of areas decimated by last month's earthquake and tsunami.
Sentence 1: The Disaster Relief Fund will pay for removal of rubble and debris, temporary housing, rebuilding of roads, farms, airports and schools, and loans to small- and medium-sized businesses.
Sentence 2: Seeking to turn the nation's focus to the arduous task of rebuilding, Japanese Prime Minister Naoto Kan last week invoked the imagery of his country's recovery from World War II.
Sentence 3: "We must renew the determination that we had in the post-World War II reconstruction period, and we must tackle the task of reconstruction after this earthquake," he said.
Sentence 4: The devastation left behind by the March 11 earthquake is an opportunity to build "a new, better future than before," said the prime minister, who was born in 1946 -- a year after the end of the war.
Sentence 5: Kan said the Japanese people "stood up bravely and achieved a reconstruction that amazed the world."
Sentence 6: The fund is only expected to cover a fraction of the total cost of recovery.
Sentence 7: The double disaster could cost Japan's government in excess of $305 billion, Deputy Finance Minister Mitsuru Sakurai told reporters last month.
Sentence 8: The monster 9.0-magnitude quake that rocked the country also spawned a tsunami, leaving nearly 28,000 people dead or missing.
Sentence 9: CNN's Steven Jiang contributed to this report.

Annotator 0: Sentences 8 (importance 3), 0 (importance 2)
Annotator 1: Sentences 1 (importance 2), 8 (importance 2), 0 (importance 1)
Annotator 2: Sentences 8 (importance 3), 0 (importance 1)
Annotator 3: Sentences 0 (importance 1)
Annotator 4: Sentences 8 (importance 3), 0 (importance 1)


Sentence 0: Port-au-Prince, Haiti (CNN) -- In patches across the Haitian capital, many earthquake survivors are not waiting for an international clearing and rebuilding effort to begin.
Sentence 1: They are pulling out shovels, wood and cement to slowly repair and rebuild themselves.
Sentence 2: "This is what we have to do now," Jean-Fritznel St. Claire said as he hammered away at huge, fallen slabs of a Digicel office building, breaking them into chunks to be shoveled into a truck and taken away.
Sentence 3: Digicel is a telecommunications company.
Sentence 4: St. Claire and three friends working with him at Digicel expected the company to pay them for their hard labor, but the group insists that they and others who stayed in the earthquake zone are eager to start clearing rubble and building what they can.
Sentence 5: "The people who left [Port-au-Prince] have no hope," he said, his face dripping with sweat.
Sentence 6: "We have hope.
Sentence 7: So we're here."
Sentence 8: Elsewhere in Port-au-Prince, businesses and families repaired cinderblock walls and pounded new beams into fractured roofs.
Sentence 9: One work crew near the airport replaced several broken sewer pipes that were part of a system set up for their neighborhood.
Sentence 10: But this individual rebuilding alarms teams of engineers studying the damage in Haiti after the 7.0-magnitude earthquake January 12.

Annotator 0: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 10 (importance 2), 8 (importance 1)
Annotator 1: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 5 (importance 1), 8 (importance 1)
Annotator 2: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 2 (importance 2), 3 (importance 1)
Annotator 3: Sentences 2 (importance 3), 1 (importance 2), 3 (importance 1)
Annotator 4: Sentences 10 (importance 2), 0 (importance 1)


Sentence 0: Tokyo (CNN) -- The light bulb above our dining room table begins to swing.
Sentence 1: The windows rattle.
Sentence 2: The table shakes.
Sentence 3: Then the whole room shudders, the walls vibrating violently.
Sentence 4: A vase of flowers wobbles on a top shelf.
Sentence 5: Glasses clink.
Sentence 6: There's a loud rumble and a roar.
Sentence 7: Then the bookshelf tears loose from the wall, scattering books everywhere, before we hear a shattering crash.
Sentence 8: Then comes silence.
Sentence 9: But not for long.
Sentence 10: A few seconds later the floor begins to buck.

Annotator 0: Sentences 7 (importance 1)
Annotator 1: Sentences 6 (importance 3), 3 (importance 2), 0 (importance 1)
Annotator 2: Sentences 0 (importance 1)
Annotator 3: Sentences 0 (importance 1)
Annotator 4: Sentences 0 (importance 1)


Sentence 0: (CNN) -- In the heart of Northern California's wine country, piles of stemware lay shattered on the ground.
Sentence 1: Building facades in historic downtown Napa crumbled into the streets.
Sentence 2: And residents who enjoyed decades of calm received a harsh reminder that intense quakes can strike anytime.
Sentence 3: "I was in shock to see people's homes and offices on the floor," Napa resident Elise Martinez said.
Sentence 4: "This is life-changing."
Sentence 5: But even as the Bay Area tries to clean up from its strongest earthquake in 25 years, the tremor could have been much worse.
Sentence 6: No one was killed in the 6.0-magnitude earthquake that jostled residents awake early Sunday.
Sentence 7: The Queen of the Valley Medical Center said it has treated "approximately 208" patients since the earthquake struck.
Sentence 8: Of those, 17 were admitted to the hospital, and one is still in critical condition.
Sentence 9: The majority of patients sustained injuries that were not life-threatening.
Sentence 10: But the hospital has not seen any patients related to the earthquake since 11 p.m. PT Sunday.

Annotator 0: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 5 (importance 3), 8 (importance 2)
Annotator 1: Sentences 3 (importance 3), 5 (importance 3), 1 (importance 2)
Annotator 2: Sentences 0 (importance 2), 3 (importance 2), 1 (importance 1)
Annotator 3: Sentences 0 (importance 1)
Annotator 4: Sentences 5 (importance 2), 6 (importance 2), 7 (importance 1)


Sentence 0: Miami, Florida (CNN) -- The parents of an injured baby girl who was flown to Florida for treatment after Haiti's earthquake have been told what they already know: They are the biological parents of the little girl.
Sentence 1: The International Red Cross notified Nadine Devilme and Junior Alexis in Haiti that DNA testing proves that the infant is theirs, said Mark LaPoint, an attorney representing the baby.
Sentence 2: Rescuers dubbed her Patricia, but her parents call her Jenny.
Sentence 3: On Wednesday morning, Miami-Dade Circuit Judge Cindy Lederman decided that Jenny's parents will get to take her back to Haiti after doctors and nurses in Florida finish treating her.
Sentence 4: "This is a case where these were really good parents, and I can't wait for these parents to be reunited with their baby," the judge said.
Sentence 5: "This is one happy day."
Sentence 6: Federal authorities have pledged to help Devilme and Alexis travel from Haiti to the United States to reunite with their daughter, though the timing of that trip has not yet been determined, said Bob Martinez, an attorney for the parents.
Sentence 7: The baby still has a hard time closing her left hand and needs some medical therapy, LaPoint said in court Wednesday.
Sentence 8: The judge scheduled a hearing for April 7 to get an update on the baby's condition.
Sentence 9: Jenny was 4 months old when the January 12 earthquake destroyed large swaths of Haiti.
Sentence 10: Her mother was knocked unconscious in the 7.0-magnitude temblor and taken to a hospital.

Annotator 0: Sentences 6 (importance 3), 3 (importance 2), 1 (importance 1)
Annotator 1: Sentences 0 (importance 1), 10 (importance 1)
Annotator 2: Sentences 2 (importance 3), 0 (importance 2), 1 (importance 1)
Annotator 3: Sentences 9 (importance 3), 0 (importance 2)
Annotator 4: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 6 (importance 2), 3 (importance 1)


Sentence 0: Hong Kong (CNN) -- A strong earthquake struck the southwestern Chinese province of Sichuan on Saturday, killing at least 179 people and injuring about 6,700 others in a region that suffered a catastrophic quake five years ago, the state-run Xinhua news agency reported Sunday.
Sentence 1: Thousands of emergency workers, including soldiers, rushed to reach the affected zones in the hilly region, and Chinese Premier Li Keqiang traveled to the area from Beijing, state media reported.
Sentence 2: Xu Mengjia, the Communist Party chief of Ya'an, the city that administers the area where the quake struck, told state broadcaster CCTV that because of landslides and disruption to communications, determining the total number of casualties may take some time.
Sentence 3: Students gather outside to escape the quake

The quake struck just after 8 a.m. local time Saturday, about 115 kilometers (70 miles) away from the provincial capital, Chengdu, at a depth of around 12 kilometers, according to the U.S. Geological Survey.
Sentence 4: There was conflicting information about the earthquake's strength, with the USGS putting the magnitude at 6.6 and the China Earthquake Networks Center gauging it at 7.0.
Sentence 5: It was followed by a series of aftershocks, some of them as strong as magnitude 5.1, the USGS said.
Sentence 6: Authorities have responded by sending rescue workers to the area around the epicenter, briefly halting flights at the airport in Chengdu and suspending high-speed rail operations, state media reported.
Sentence 7: The event stirred memories of the devastating earthquake that hit Sichuan in 2008, killing more than 87,000 people.
Sentence 8: First responders to Saturday's quake reported that the damage caused didn't appear to be as severe as what was seen in the aftermath of the 2008 disaster, according to CCTV.
Sentence 9: Fan Xiaodong, a student in Chengdu, said when the tremors began to shake buildings in the city, many of his startled classmates rushed out of their dorms, some of them wearing only the clothes they'd been sleeping in.
Sentence 10: At first, Fan said, he only felt a slight trembling as he dozed in bed.

Annotator 0: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 3 (importance 3)
Annotator 1: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 3 (importance 2), 6 (importance 2)
Annotator 2: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 4 (importance 2)
Annotator 3: Sentences 9 (importance 3), 3 (importance 2), 0 (importance 1)
Annotator 4: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 3 (importance 2), 1 (importance 1)


Sentence 0: (CNN) -- Rescuers in Iran worked furiously Tuesday to free people trapped under rubble, a day after a powerful earthquake rippled through a rural stretch of villages in the country's southeastern region, Iranian media reported.
Sentence 1: Iran's Press TV said aftershocks followed the 6.5 magnitude Monday quake that struck at least 70 villages in Kerman province.
Sentence 2: Iranian authorities recorded seven deaths and dozens of injuries so far, but authorities expect the casualty toll to rise in the quake -- just over 60 miles away from the site of a deadly tremor that killed 30,000 people seven years ago in the city of Bam.
Sentence 3: Iran's Islamic Republic News Agency reported that scores of people are trapped in the debris of buildings that have been destroyed.
Sentence 4: Many such sites are in hard-to-reach locations, making any rescue operations even more difficult.
Sentence 5: Are you there?
Sentence 6: Share earthquake stories with CNN iReport

Jessica Sigala, a U.S. Geological Survey physicist in Golden, Colorado, thinks the number of deaths could range from between 10 to 1,000, based on statistics and information about past earthquakes.
Sentence 7: She said that while this latest event was similar in magnitude to the Bam quake, which measured at 6.6 magnitude, the Monday quake struck a more remote region about 63 miles away from that city.
Sentence 8: "That's an important thing to realize.
Sentence 9: That distance will help decrease the fatality rate as well as the damage," she said.
Sentence 10: "There isn't a big city anywhere to be seen."

Annotator 0: Sentences 1 (importance 3), 2 (importance 2), 0 (importance 1)
Annotator 1: Sentences 6 (importance 3), 0 (importance 2), 2 (importance 2)
Annotator 2: Sentences 2 (importance 3), 0 (importance 2), 4 (importance 1)
Annotator 3: Sentences 6 (importance 3), 2 (importance 2), 0 (importance 1)
Annotator 4: Sentences 1 (importance 3), 2 (importance 1), 7 (importance 1)


Sentence 0: (CNN) -- Two days after a massive fertilizer plant explosion leveled parts of a central Texas town, killing 14 people and displacing many more, residents moved into recovery mode Friday after investigators announced they had nearly finished search and rescue efforts.
Sentence 1: The fiery explosion ripped through the heart of West, a close-knit town about 75 miles south of Dallas and about 20 miles north of Waco.
Sentence 2: Before Wednesday, West was known as the home of Scott Podsednik of the Boston Red Sox and as the "Czech heritage capital of Texas," boasting the best kolache in the state.
Sentence 3: "It's going to be a long recovery for this community," Gov.
Sentence 4: Rick Perry said.
Sentence 5: The death toll included the city secretary, who was also a member of the volunteer fire department, said Mayor Tommy Muska.
Sentence 6: The victim was the only person with the password to the city's Facebook account, Muska said, preventing others from posting updates about the incident.
Sentence 7: In total, five West firefighters died battling the blaze, along with one Dallas firefighter and four emergency responders, the State Firemen's and Fire Marshals' Association of Texas said Thursday.
Sentence 8: "It's devastating.
Sentence 9: I've been a member of the firefighters for 26 years," Muska said.
Sentence 10: "These guys are my friends."

Annotator 0: Sentences 0 (importance 1), 1 (importance 1), 4 (importance 1)
Annotator 1: Sentences 1 (importance 3), 2 (importance 2), 0 (importance 1)
Annotator 2: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 2 (importance 2), 1 (importance 1)
Annotator 3: Sentences 2 (importance 3), 1 (importance 2), 0 (importance 1)
Annotator 4: Sentences 1 (importance 3), 0 (importance 2), 7 (importance 1)


Sentence 0: (CNN) -- There have been no reports of major damage or injuries in the wake of a magnitude 6.8 earthquake in Chile, according to the country's leader.
Sentence 1: President Sebastián Piñera told TV Chile that the quake was felt from Valparaíso, north of Santiago, to the lake region in the south.
Sentence 2: He also said it was probably an aftershock of a massive and deadly temblor that rocked the region in February 2010.
Sentence 3: Piñera arrived in Santiago to assess the situation a little over an hour after Friday's earthquake occurred.
Sentence 4: It struck in the early afternoon off the coast of central Chile, according to the U.S. Geological Survey, with the Earth rupturing at a depth of 17.4 miles (28 kilometers) under the sea off the Biobío region.
Sentence 5: The epicenter was 30 miles (45 kilometers) north of Concepción, the regional capital and the second-largest city in Chile.
Sentence 6: Hundreds died there after a magnitude 8.8 earthquake rocked the city February 27, 2010.
Sentence 7: Residents of coastal towns near Concepción self-evacuated, according to an Interior Ministry official.
Sentence 8: "This was done as a precaution," Rodrigo Ubilla told TV Chile.
Sentence 9: "We are calm and assured that there was no major damage."
Sentence 10: Images from Concepción showed hundreds of people crying in the streets after fleeing office buildings and high-rise apartments.

Annotator 0: Sentences 4 (importance 3), 2 (importance 2), 6 (importance 2)
Annotator 1: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 4 (importance 2), 5 (importance 1)
Annotator 2: Sentences 0 (importance 2), 2 (importance 2), 4 (importance 2)
Annotator 3: Sentences 4 (importance 2), 0 (importance 1)
Annotator 4: Sentences 6 (importance 3), 2 (importance 2), 5 (importance 1)


Sentence 0: Tokyo (CNN) -- Even as Washington and Tokyo disagreed on the extent of the threat a damaged nuclear power plant poses, President Barack Obama told the Japanese prime minister Thursday that the United States will help Japan rebuild following last week's devastating earthquake and tsunami.
Sentence 1: The two leaders had a 30-minute phone call at 10:30 a.m. Thursday (9:30 p.m.
Sentence 2: ET Wednesday).
Sentence 3: During the phone call with Prime Minister Naoto Kan, Obama voiced sympathy for Japan's plight.
Sentence 4: "The president again conveyed his deep condolences at the tragic loss of life and the widespread suffering in northeastern Japan," a White House statement on the call said.
Sentence 5: "The president emphasized that the U.S. is determined to do everything possible to support Japan in overcoming the effects of the devastating earthquake and tsunami that struck on March 11."
Sentence 6: Kan also briefed the president on the status of Japanese efforts to contain the nuclear emergency at the Fukushima Daiichi plant in the country's northeast, the White House said.
Sentence 7: The developments came as the nations established significantly different radiation exposure warning zones.
Sentence 8: The U.S. military will not allow troops to get within 80 kilometers (50 miles) of the damaged plant.
Sentence 9: The Japanese government has told people to evacuate to at least 20 kilometers (12 miles) away from the damaged reactors.
Sentence 10: Japanese Chief Cabinet Secretary Yukio Edano said Thursday it's "understandable" that the United States would make a "more conservative decision" on the warning zone as it tries to protect its own citizens.

Annotator 0: Sentences 5 (importance 3), 9 (importance 3)
Annotator 1: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 3 (importance 2), 6 (importance 1)
Annotator 2: Sentences 5 (importance 3), 0 (importance 2), 9 (importance 1)
Annotator 3: Sentences 4 (importance 3)
Annotator 4: Sentences 4 (importance 3), 0 (importance 2), 5 (importance 1)


Sentence 0: CHENGDU, China (CNN) -- Rainy weather and poor logistics thwarted efforts by relief troops who walked for hours over rock, debris and mud on Tuesday in hopes of reaching the worst-hit area of an earthquake that killed nearly 10,000 in central China, state-run media reported.
Sentence 1: Setting out from Maerkang in Sichuan Province at 8 p.m. Monday, the 100 or so troops had to travel 200 kilometers (124 miles) to go before reaching Wenchuan, the epicenter of the quake, also in the province, Xinhua reported.
Sentence 2: After seven hours, they still had 70 kilometers (43 miles) to go.
Sentence 3: "I have seen many collapsed civilian houses, and the rocks dropped from mountains on the roadside are everywhere," the head of the unit, Li Zaiyuan, told Xinhua.
Sentence 4: Added CNN Correspondent John Vause: "The roads here are terrible in the best of times ... right now they're down right atrocious.
Sentence 5: They've resorted to going in one man at a time on foot."
Sentence 6: Nearly all the confirmed deaths were in Sichuan Province, but rescuers were hindered because roads linking it to the provincial capital, Chengdu, were damaged, Xinhua reported.
Sentence 7: Local radio quoted disaster relief officials as saying a third of the buildings in Wenchuan collapsed from the quake and another third were seriously damaged.
Sentence 8: The earthquake was powerful enough to be felt throughout most of China.
Sentence 9: Many children were buried under the rubble of their schools.
Sentence 10: The Chinese government said the death toll was sure to rise.

Annotator 0: Sentences 10 (importance 3), 6 (importance 2), 0 (importance 1)
Annotator 1: Sentences 6 (importance 3), 3 (importance 2), 1 (importance 1)
Annotator 2: Sentences 1 (importance 3), 2 (importance 2), 0 (importance 1)
Annotator 3: Sentences 0 (importance 2), 8 (importance 2), 6 (importance 1)
Annotator 4: Sentences 1 (importance 3), 0 (importance 2), 6 (importance 1)


Sentence 0: Hong Kong (CNN) -- When North Korea conducts an underground nuclear test, a vast array of global sensors will detect the detonation almost immediately.
Sentence 1: But key questions about the size of the explosion, the number of bombs tested, or whether plutonium or uranium was used, may never be answered conclusively, analysts say.
Sentence 2: North Korea appears to have conducted an underground nuclear bomb test Tuesday, as the U.S. Geological Survey reported a seismic disturbance centered near the site of the secretive regime's two previous nuclear tests.
Sentence 3: The area around the reported epicenter of the magnitude 4.9 disturbance has little or no history of earthquakes or natural seismic hazards, according to U.S. Geological Survey maps.
Sentence 4: Despite international condemnation, North Korea has said it would conduct its third underground nuclear test.
Sentence 5: A third nuclear test could enable North Korea the technical data needed to miniaturize a warhead, according to a recent paper in the "Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists."
Sentence 6: Coming on the heels of December's successful launch of a satellite, the threat of an atomic test has raised concerns.
Sentence 7: Pyongyang's efforts seemed hapless when a rocket launch failed earlier in 2012.
Sentence 8: But its spotty record changed in early December when North Korea launched the long-range Unha-3 rocket carrying a satellite, showing the world it had the technology to launch a long-range missile -- with analysts suggesting parts of the United States, Pyongyang's stated arch rival, were now within range.
Sentence 9: Following the U.N. condemnation of the launch in January, Pyongyang says it plans a new nuclear test and further long-range rocket launches.
Sentence 10: "An additional nuclear test or two would greatly increase the likelihood that Pyongyang could fashion warheads to fit at least some of its missiles -- a circumstance that would vastly increase the threat its nuclear program poses to the security of Northeast Asia," wrote analyst Frank Pabian and Siegfried Hecker, a Stanford University professor who visited North Korean nuclear sites in 2010.

Annotator 0: Sentences 3 (importance 2), 2 (importance 1)
Annotator 1: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 1 (importance 2), 2 (importance 1)
Annotator 2: Sentences 2 (importance 3), 3 (importance 2), 10 (importance 1)
Annotator 3: Sentences 3 (importance 3), 0 (importance 1), 10 (importance 1)
Annotator 4: Sentences 3 (importance 3)


Sentence 0: (CNN) -- Part of a picturesque toll highway that tourists use to travel between the Mexican towns of Ensenada and Tijuana collapsed this weekend, civil protection officials in Mexico said.
Sentence 1: One of the holes created by the landslide was more than 40 feet deep and stretched 200 feet long.
Sentence 2: A cement truck was stuck when the ground started shifting, but the driver made it out safely, officials told CNNMexico.
Sentence 3: The truck ended up tumbling into the Pacific Ocean, which is just west of the road.
Sentence 4: Officials say it may take as long as a year to repair the damage.
Sentence 5: Building a temporary road is one option being considered, authorities said.
Sentence 6: For now, motorists will use a nearby free road.
Sentence 7: It is unclear what caused the landslide.
Sentence 8: According to the United States Geological Survey, a magnitude-4.6 earthquake centered about 60 miles southeast of Ensenada struck on December 19, but the events might not be connected.
Sentence 9: On the Facebook page of the Baja California Civil Protection services, officials said the road is not in an area where there is a fault line.
Sentence 10: The damage occurred about 60 miles from Mexico's border with the United States.

Annotator 0: Sentences 8 (importance 3), 0 (importance 1)
Annotator 1: Sentences 10 (importance 3), 0 (importance 2), 8 (importance 1)
Annotator 2: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 10 (importance 3), 8 (importance 1)
Annotator 3: Sentences 8 (importance 3), 10 (importance 1)
Annotator 4: Sentences 8 (importance 3), 10 (importance 2)


Sentence 0: (CNN) -- An asteroid the size of an aircraft carrier passed within the moon's orbit Tuesday, the closest approach by an object that large in more than 30 years.
Sentence 1: Asteroid 2005 YU55 passed within 202,000 miles of Earth -- about four-fifths of the distance to the moon -- at 6:28 p.m. Tuesday, NASA said.
Sentence 2: Marina Brozovic, a researcher at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in California, said the space agency was able to train a great deal of high-powered instruments -- including the massive radio telescope at Arecibo, Puerto Rico -- on the asteroid as it approached.
Sentence 3: "This is a rare event, and we learned a lot," Brozovic told CNN.
Sentence 4: Follow space and science news on Light Years

Though the space agency classified the asteroid as a "potentially hazardous object," it posed no threat of a collision, according to NASA's Near Earth Object Program.
Sentence 5: If the asteroid had crashed into Earth, it could have caused a 4,000-megaton blast and a magnitude 7.0 earthquake, according to scientists at Purdue University.
Sentence 6: If it fell into the ocean, it could have caused a 70-foot-high tsunami within 60 miles of the crash site, the experts said.
Sentence 7: The last time a space rock in the same league as 2005 YU55 passed as close to Earth was in 1976, NASA said.
Sentence 8: The next similar encounter is projected for 2028, Brozovic said.
Sentence 9: Podcast: Asteroid close encounter

As the object neared Earth, NASA studied the asteroid with the Goldstone radar antennas in California's Mojave Desert.
Sentence 10: Goldstone antennas are very sensitive radio telescopes used to investigate quasars, radar mapping of planets and comets.

Annotator 0: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 1 (importance 2)
Annotator 1: Sentences 5 (importance 3)
Annotator 2: Sentences 5 (importance 1)
Annotator 3: Sentences 1 (importance 1)
Annotator 4: Sentences 0 (importance 2), 1 (importance 2), 2 (importance 1)


Sentence 0: Los Angeles, California (CNN) -- Officials had power fully restored Sunday afternoon after a 6.5-magnitude earthquake off the northern California coast Saturday left thousands without electricity.
Sentence 1: The quake, which ran about 13.5 miles deep, hit at 4:27 p.m. Saturday, about 33 miles from the coastal city of Eureka, according to the U.S. Geological Survey.
Sentence 2: Nearly a dozen aftershocks followed, the strongest at 4.5 magnitude.
Sentence 3: They continued into the early morning hours Sunday.
Sentence 4: David Eisenhower, spokesman for Pacific Gas and Electric Company, said power had been restored to all customers Sunday afternoon.
Sentence 5: About 28,000 customers, most in Humboldt County, were initially without power.
Sentence 6: The company launched helicopters Sunday morning to patrol for gas leaks at the transmission lines that run through remote areas, he said, adding there have been no reports of such leaks.
Sentence 7: There were no reports of serious injuries or damage.
Sentence 8: See iReports from areas affected by earthquake

St. Joseph Hospital in Eureka said it treated several people for minor quake-related injuries, but none were significant enough for the patient to be admitted.
Sentence 9: Chris Durant, a reporter for the Eureka Times-Standard, said he was working on the second floor of the newspaper's concrete building when he and his colleagues felt the earthquake.
Sentence 10: "We are used to feeling small ones," he said, "but after the first few seconds, we looked at each other and said, 'This is not a small one.'"

Annotator 0: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 2 (importance 2), 5 (importance 1)
Annotator 1: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 1 (importance 3), 5 (importance 1)
Annotator 2: Sentences 1 (importance 2), 0 (importance 1)
Annotator 3: Sentences 1 (importance 3), 0 (importance 2), 8 (importance 1)
Annotator 4: Sentences 7 (importance 3), 5 (importance 2), 0 (importance 1)


Sentence 0: Banda Aceh, Indonesia (CNN) -- Ten years ago, a towering wall of water engulfed cities across the Indian Ocean, ravaging communities as far afield as Thailand, Indonesia, Somalia and Madagascar.
Sentence 1: The 2004 tsunami was sparked by a massive, 9.1 magnitude earthquake which struck off the western coast of northern Sumatra, Indonesia, on Boxing Day.
Sentence 2: Aceh, Indonesia, located at the northern tip of Sumatra, bore the brunt of the tsunami, with an estimated 130,700 killed, 565,384 internally displaced while 199,766 houses were destroyed or damaged.
Sentence 3: Plan International, a children's rights organization was one of the first organizations to provide humanitarian aid to the city.
Sentence 4: Lamnga Elementary School, in Aceh, was reduced to a crumbled shell after the four-meter-high wave roared inland.
Sentence 5: How did school principal, Muhammad Saleh, struggling to cope with the loss of two daughters -- and nearly half his students - find the strength to rebuild a devastated school?
Sentence 6: Reliving the tsunami

It was early Sunday morning, when the now 54-year-old school principal was making breakfast for his wife and three daughters.
Sentence 7: The ground started to shake beneath their feet, and they realized that it wasn't like any other earthquake.
Sentence 8: Panicked, they ran -- Muhammad with his four-year-old daughter cradled in his arms, while his two other daughters followed hand in hand.
Sentence 9: Then the wave came.
Sentence 10: Ten years later, Muhammad still remembers the moment he watched the wave pull his youngest daughter under, right before his eyes.

Annotator 0: Sentences 1 (importance 3), 2 (importance 2)
Annotator 1: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 1 (importance 2), 2 (importance 1)
Annotator 2: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 5 (importance 3), 3 (importance 2)
Annotator 3: Sentences 2 (importance 3), 0 (importance 2), 1 (importance 1)
Annotator 4: Sentences 5 (importance 2), 7 (importance 2), 6 (importance 1)


Sentence 0: Washington (CNN) -- President Barack Obama met Monday with Japan's sixth prime minister in five years to try to strengthen ties with the Pacific economic power still struggling after last year's earthquake and tsunami that triggered a nuclear power plant meltdown.
Sentence 1: The president and visiting Japanese Prime Minister Yoshihiko Noda started bilateral talks at the White House, to be followed by a working lunch and then a joint news conference.
Sentence 2: Japan's volatile domestic politics, amid economic sluggishness and the March 2011 tsunami-triggered nuclear crisis, have made continuity a challenge in relations between the World War II enemies turned industrial allies.
Sentence 3: Noda came to power in September, and last week, the two governments addressed a thorny issue of recent years with a plan for the United States to relocate about half of its 19,000 Marines based on Okinawa to other places in the Pacific region.
Sentence 4: While the relocation faces some opposition in Congress and Japan, the announcement of an agreement signaled a desire by the countries to work together on a way forward in bilateral relations.
Sentence 5: In addition, the two leaders will probably discuss North Korea's fledgling nuclear weapons program and political changes in Myanmar.
Sentence 6: Another topic expected to come up Monday is possible Japanese membership in the Trans-Pacific Partnership, a trade alliance that is part of Obama's strategy to increase U.S. exports and influence in the Asia-Pacific region.
Sentence 7: Participants so far in negotiations on the partnership include Australia, Brunei, Chile, Malaysia, New Zealand, Peru, Singapore, Vietnam and the United States.
Sentence 8: Canada and Mexico also have expressed interest in joining.
Sentence 9: Last month, Noda issued a sobering and reflective assessment of his country's recovery a year after the 9.0-magnitude earthquake, tsunami and nuclear meltdown at the Fukushima Daiichi plant.
Sentence 10: The resulting release of radioactivity forced residents of several towns near the plant to flee their homes, and a 20-kilometer (12.4-mile) zone around the plant remains closed to the public.

Annotator 0: Sentences 9 (importance 3), 2 (importance 2), 1 (importance 1)
Annotator 1: Sentences 9 (importance 3), 10 (importance 2)
Annotator 2: Sentences 10 (importance 3)
Annotator 3: Sentences 8 (importance 3), 4 (importance 2), 3 (importance 1)
Annotator 4: Sentences 1 (importance 3), 3 (importance 2)


Sentence 0: Tokyo (CNN) -- A power company apologized Saturday and said the exposure of three workers at the Fukushima Daiichi power plant to highly radioactive water might have been avoided with better communication.
Sentence 1: The Thursday incident has spurred questions about the source of the radioactive contamination in water, its potential to taint seawater nearby and the prospect it might be evidence of a leak in at least one of the facility's six reactor cores.
Sentence 2: It also prompted further criticism of the Tokyo Electric Power Co., which runs the plant, and how well it is safeguarding the nearly 500 people working to prevent more emission of potentially cancerous radioactive materials about two weeks after a 9.0-magnitude earthquake and subsequent tsunami rocked the facility.
Sentence 3: On March 24, three workers laying electrical cable in the turbine building of the No.
Sentence 4: 3 reactor stepped in tainted water, exposing themselves to high levels of radiation.
Sentence 5: Two suffered direct exposure on their skin.
Sentence 6: Hideyuki Koyama, the company's associate director, said pooled water had been discovered in the basement of the No.
Sentence 7: 1 reactor six days earlier, but a sample wasn't taken for analysis until the 24th, after the workers were exposed.
Sentence 8: The company started draining the water from the No.
Sentence 9: 1 reactor that evening and has continued draining it ever since, he said.
Sentence 10: Plans are also in the works to drain water from the No.

Annotator 0: Sentences 2 (importance 2)
Annotator 1: Sentences 0 (importance 1)
Annotator 2: Sentences 2 (importance 2)
Annotator 3: Sentences 7 (importance 3), 4 (importance 2), 0 (importance 1)
Annotator 4: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 2 (importance 3), 1 (importance 2)


Sentence 0: (CNN) -- Laura Silsby, the American missionary accused of trying to take nearly three dozen children out of Haiti after the devastating January 12 earthquake, has been freed from jail by a Haitian court, her defense attorney said Monday.
Sentence 1: Silsby is at the Port-au-Prince airport preparing to board an American Airlines flight to the United States, scheduled to depart at 5 p.m. (6 p.m.
Sentence 2: ET), said her lawyer, Chiller Roy.
Sentence 3: Roy declined to comment on reports that Silsby had been convicted and freed on time served.
Sentence 4: A Haitian prosecutor was seeking a six-month prison sentence in the case.
Sentence 5: Silsby was charged with trying to arrange "irregular travel" for 33 children she planned to take to an orphanage she was building in the Dominican Republic.
Sentence 6: She was jailed January 29, along with nine other American missionaries who were later released.
Sentence 7: Last month, Judge Bernard Saint-Vil dropped kidnapping and criminal association charges against Silsby and the other missionaries.
Sentence 8: They were stopped while trying to take the children out of the country; authorities said the group didn't have proper legal documentation.
Sentence 9: Silsby originally said the children were orphaned or abandoned, but the Haitian government and the orphans' charity SOS Children say that all have at least one living parent.
Sentence 10: Some said they placed their children in Silsby's care because that was the only way they knew to ensure a better quality of life for them.

Annotator 0: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 4 (importance 1)
Annotator 1: Sentences 0 (importance 2)
Annotator 2: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 5 (importance 2), 9 (importance 1)
Annotator 3: Sentences 0 (importance 3)
Annotator 4: Sentences 0 (importance 2)


Sentence 0: (CNN) -- Survivors of a deadly earthquake-triggered tsunami which hit the Samoan islands Tuesday have described how they watched the inrushing sea swallow up coastal towns and villages leaving devastation in its wake.
Sentence 1: iReporter Alden Tagarino captured this image of the damage caused by the tsunami in Pago Pago.
Sentence 2: At least 111 people are confirmed killed in Samoa, neighboring American Samoa and Tonga.
Sentence 3: But officials in the Polynesia region have expressed fears the toll will rise as rescue workers struggle to reach outlying villages submerged and flattened by the wave.
Sentence 4: American Samoa resident Frances Faumatu told CNN she had fled to Aoloau, the highest village on the island, as the earthquake shook her house.
Sentence 5: "All of a sudden we heard on the radio everybody had to run for safety," she said.
Sentence 6: "Right after the quake, the tsunami came."
Sentence 7: Faumatu and others stayed on the mountain for two or three hours until the warning was lifted, watching as the sea swallowed Pago Pago, the island's capital, and then receded.
Sentence 8: At least 22 people are confirmed dead in the U.S. island territory.
Sentence 9: Cars, debris, and parts of buildings were randomly strewn over the landscape where the powerful waters dropped them.
Sentence 10: See iReporter images of the aftermath »

But in some cases, the sea left nothing behind.

Annotator 0: Sentences 0 (importance 1), 4 (importance 1)
Annotator 1: Sentences 1 (importance 3), 5 (importance 3)
Annotator 2: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 2 (importance 2)
Annotator 3: Sentences 7 (importance 3), 0 (importance 2), 2 (importance 1)
Annotator 4: Sentences 2 (importance 3), 0 (importance 2), 7 (importance 1)


Sentence 0: (CNN) -- A communication breakdown has left people in anxious limbo around the globe with those outside Haiti not knowing whether loved ones there survived a major earthquake, and those in Haiti unable to get word out that they're safe.
Sentence 1: With few phone calls going through in the Caribbean nation in the aftermath of Tuesday's 7.0-magnitude quake, people were driven to texting, social networking sites and other online communication.
Sentence 2: Thousands of people reached out through CNN's iReport Web page, posting pictures of missing loved ones and asking anyone with information to contact them.
Sentence 3: Pleas for help filled page after page on iReports, including:

• Johanna Neyra, who was trying to track down her cousin and his wife, Luis and Heidy Carazas.
Sentence 4: Luis Carazas works for the Archdiocese of Port-au-Prince, in the Haitian capital.
Sentence 5: "His family is very concerned in Peru," said Neyra, who waited for word of their fate, knowing the official Vatican newspaper had reported that Joseph Serge Miot, the Roman Catholic archbishop of Port-au-Prince, had died in the earthquake.
Sentence 6: • Naeemah Carre of Garden City, New York, reported no success in trying to raise her brother and six other relatives via e-mail and Facebook.
Sentence 7: • New York City resident Marie Aline Sillice had not heard from her father, Frangel Victor Sillice, or her cousin Yvon Consean, who were to have been traveling outside the Haitian capital on Tuesday.
Sentence 8: • Chico and Kathleen Boyer waited in Brooklyn, New York, to hear from daughter Maureen, who moved to Haiti two weeks ago.
Sentence 9: A number of aunts and cousins also were missing.
Sentence 10: Maureen Boyer posted to her Twitter account late Tuesday afternoon, but had not been heard from since.

Annotator 0: Sentences 5 (importance 3), 7 (importance 2), 0 (importance 1)
Annotator 1: Sentences 1 (importance 3), 0 (importance 2)
Annotator 2: Sentences 7 (importance 3), 1 (importance 2), 0 (importance 1)
Annotator 3: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 1 (importance 2), 4 (importance 1)
Annotator 4: Sentences 1 (importance 3), 2 (importance 2)


Sentence 0: (CNN) -- Chinese government authorities have intimidated and unlawfully detained parents and relatives of children who died in last year's Sichuan earthquake and harassed their supporters, an Amnesty International report said this week.
Sentence 1: Rubble litters Beichuan, China, nearly a year after an earthquake killed thousands.
Sentence 2: The 52-page report, released Sunday and titled "Justice Denied: Harassment of Sichuan Earthquake Survivors and Activists," documented instances where parents and relatives said they had been detained for up to 21 days for trying to get answers from officials about their children's deaths.
Sentence 3: Some said they had been detained several times.
Sentence 4: "By unlawfully locking up parents of children who died, the government is creating more misery for people who have said in some cases they lost everything in the Sichuan earthquake," said Roseann Rife, deputy program director of Amnesty International Asia-Pacific.
Sentence 5: "The government of China must cease harassing earthquake survivors who are seeking answers and trying to pick up the pieces of their shattered lives."
Sentence 6: CNN was not immediately able to get a response to the report from the Chinese government's Ministry of Civil Affairs and Ministry of Justice.
Sentence 7: The report accused authorities of having prevented parents and relatives from complaining to higher officials about the quality of construction in the buildings that collapsed, referred to by critics as "Tofu Dregs Construction."
Sentence 8: It further alleged that many parents complained that their phones had been tapped and that they were arbitrarily detained so they would not be able to seek justice in the courts.
Sentence 9: The human-rights organization called on Chinese authorities "to take immediate action to address the grievances of survivors and relatives of those who were killed or injured" during the 8.0 magnitude earthquake, which struck at 2:28 p.m. May 12, 2008, when many children were in school.
Sentence 10: As of September, official figures put the death toll at 69,227, with another 17,923 people missing.

Annotator 0: Sentences 9 (importance 3), 10 (importance 2)
Annotator 1: Sentences 9 (importance 3), 0 (importance 2)
Annotator 2: Sentences 9 (importance 1)
Annotator 3: Sentences 0 (importance 2)
Annotator 4: Sentences 9 (importance 3), 1 (importance 2), 0 (importance 1)


Sentence 0: JAKARTA, Indonesia (CNN) -- Another strong earthquake rocked Indonesia early Thursday as the Southeast Asian nation was reeling from an earlier jolt that killed more than 200 people.
Sentence 1: A resident stands next to building that collapsed onto a car in Padang, Indonesia, on Wednesday.
Sentence 2: The 6.8 magnitude quake Thursday hit southern Sumatra at 8:52 a.m. local time (0152 GMT), the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center said.
Sentence 3: Wednesday's earlier quake was 7.6 magnitude.
Sentence 4: At least 236 people are dead and more than 500 injured, the Indonesian Social Ministry's Crisis Center said Thursday.
Sentence 5: It said it had little information on the missing and feared the death toll would climb into the thousands.
Sentence 6: The second quake was on a smaller scale than the first, said meteorology official Fauzi, who uses only one name.
Sentence 7: There were no damage reports yet.
Sentence 8: Indonesian Health Minister Siti Fadilah Supari expected "the casualties and the damage of this earthquake to be bigger than the 2006 Yogyakarta earthquake, given the intensity and the spread of the damage."
Sentence 9: The magnitude-6.3 Yogyakarta quake in central Java in May 2006 killed more than 5,000 people, triggered fears of an eruption of a nearby volcano and caused significant damage to a 9th century Prambanan temple.
Sentence 10: Thousands may be trapped by collapsed buildings and houses, Rustam Pakaya, the head of the Health Ministry's crisis center, told CNN on Wednesday.

Annotator 0: Sentences 2 (importance 3), 4 (importance 2)
Annotator 1: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 2 (importance 2), 4 (importance 1)
Annotator 2: Sentences 2 (importance 3), 0 (importance 2), 9 (importance 1)
Annotator 3: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 1 (importance 3), 3 (importance 1)
Annotator 4: Sentences 9 (importance 3), 2 (importance 2), 0 (importance 1)


Sentence 0: Port-au-Prince, Haiti (CNN) -- It was as if the giant crowd were celebrating a joyous occasion -- not a coming-together one month after a deadly earthquake.
Sentence 1: Thousands of Haitians, many of them smiling, gathered Friday at the center of Port-au-Prince to remember the 7.0-magnitude quake of January 12 that leveled most of their capital city.
Sentence 2: A sea of people waved their arms in the air, prayed, cried, sang and -- where space permitted -- danced.
Sentence 3: The earthquake is blamed for killing more than 212,000 people, injuring 300,000 and leaving more than 1 million homeless in the city of 3 million and surrounding communities.
Sentence 4: The memorial took place near where the stately National Palace lies in ruins and the Champ de Mars square has been turned into a huge homeless camp.
Sentence 5: Other memorials were taking place at shantytowns, and there were religious observations.
Sentence 6: Haitians were urged to wear black or white.
Sentence 7: There was an outpouring of aid from around the world after the quake -- more than 600 aid agencies rallied -- but, initially, much of their work was ineffective because of the chaos, including the disruption of the government after its buildings collapsed.
Sentence 8: Relief operations are improving day by day, a spokeswoman for the International Rescue Committee told CNN on Friday.
Sentence 9: "Things [supplies] are moving now, and they are arriving to populations.
Sentence 10: The bottleneck has really, really decreased," Aisha Bain said.

Annotator 0: Sentences 3 (importance 3), 0 (importance 2), 6 (importance 1)
Annotator 1: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 1 (importance 2), 2 (importance 1)
Annotator 2: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 1 (importance 2)
Annotator 3: Sentences 1 (importance 3), 3 (importance 2)
Annotator 4: Sentences 3 (importance 3), 1 (importance 2), 4 (importance 1)


Sentence 0: A 7.3 magnitude earthquake rumbled early Saturday in the Pacific Ocean about 200 miles east of Japan's main island, the U.S. Geological Survey reported.
Sentence 1: The Japanese Meteorological Agency issued a tsunami advisory for the Japanese coastal areas including the Fukushima prefecture, warning people to leave the coast."
Sentence 2: The same organization canceled all such advisories and warnings a short time later.
Sentence 3: Sea levels might change slightly in some coastal locales, but no damage from a tsunami was expected, according to the agency.
Sentence 4: The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center also said there was no widespread tsunami threat around the greater Pacific region.
Sentence 5: Saturday's quake happened at about 2:10 a.m. local time, with an epicenter about 203 miles east-northeast of Tokyo, the USGS said.
Sentence 6: The quake hit at a depth of about six miles.
Sentence 7: The Fukushima prefecture was where a 9.0 magnitude earthquake and subsequent tsunami damaged several nuclear reactors in March 2011.
Sentence 8: More than 15,000 people were killed in that quake and tsunami, and material damage related to the incident was estimated to be about $300 billion.

Annotator 0: Sentences 1 (importance 3), 2 (importance 2), 4 (importance 1)
Annotator 1: Sentences 5 (importance 3), 0 (importance 2)
Annotator 2: Sentences 6 (importance 3), 3 (importance 2), 0 (importance 1)
Annotator 3: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 5 (importance 3), 1 (importance 2)
Annotator 4: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 8 (importance 2)


Sentence 0: Sakura, Japan (CNN) -- Residents of northern Japan streamed south from their earthquake-stricken hometowns Saturday, crowding stores in search of vital supplies as rescue teams worked north toward the historic quake's epicenter.
Sentence 1: Roads and buildings showed cracks as far away as 200 kilometers (125 miles) from Sendai, the closest city to the epicenter.
Sentence 2: One man told CNN the scene in towns hit by the quake and the resulting tsunami was "unimaginable."
Sentence 3: Shoppers were polite but tense as they sought food, water and gasoline from stores, where shelves were quickly emptied and pumps soon ran dry.
Sentence 4: A slow, steady line of cars trickled south from the disaster zone as people either left the area or shuttled to the stores, many of which were without power and had broken glass scattered down the aisles.
Sentence 5: Japan's major highways, large sections of which are elevated, have been closed since the magnitude 8.9-quake struck off the northeastern coast Friday afternoon.
Sentence 6: Automobile traffic crawled on smaller, two-lane roads as power outages left the sleek, electric-powered "bullet trains" -- shining examples of Japan's advanced technology, usually capable of speeds nearing 200 mph -- sitting motionless on their tracks.
Sentence 7: Closer to the heart of the disaster, collapsed phone lines and towers left communications spotty.
Sentence 8: Roads and airfields were washed out by the tsunami; rescue workers headed to the stricken region had to rely on helicopters.
Sentence 9: Video from Sendai showed people trapped in the second floors of homes, waving sheets of white cloth in hopes of drawing rescue workers.
Sentence 10: Residents who have been able to call out reported gas and water were unavailable for a radius well beyond the city of about 1 million.

Annotator 0: Sentences 1 (importance 3), 0 (importance 2), 9 (importance 1)
Annotator 1: Sentences 6 (importance 3), 4 (importance 2), 0 (importance 1)
Annotator 2: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 1 (importance 1), 2 (importance 1)
Annotator 3: Sentences 6 (importance 3), 4 (importance 2), 0 (importance 1)
Annotator 4: Sentences 5 (importance 3), 6 (importance 1)


Sentence 0: (CNN)In a tragic echo of the catastrophic events in Haiti in 2010, a powerful earthquake struck one of the poorest nations on Earth today.
Sentence 1: The latest estimates from seismologists put the magnitude at 7.9, which would actually makes it about 40% larger than the 7.8 currently being reported.
Sentence 2: That's less than half the size of the previous major event nearby in 1934, which killed around 10,000 people.
Sentence 3: Unfortunately, it is quite possible the number of dead in Kathmandu could rise to match it.
Sentence 4: We knew this disaster was coming eventually.
Sentence 5: Geophysicists have long monitored how fast the Earth's plates are moving, and we know that the entire subcontinent of India is being driven slowly but surely underneath Nepal and Tibet at a speed of around 1.8 inches per year.
Sentence 6: It's the reason Everest exists.
Sentence 7: Latest updates on Nepal earthquake

Over millions of years, the squeezing has crushed the Himalayas like a concertina, raising mountains to heights of several miles and triggering earthquakes on a regular basis from Pakistan to Burma.
Sentence 8: Saturday's quake was neither unusual nor unexpected, although it was larger than most.
Sentence 9: In the 81 years since the 1934 Bihar earthquake, the land mass of India has been pushed about 12 feet into Nepal.
Sentence 10: Think of all that movement getting stored in a giant spring lying under Nepal.

Annotator 0: Sentences 9 (importance 3), 0 (importance 2), 1 (importance 1)
Annotator 1: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 7 (importance 2), 5 (importance 1)
Annotator 2: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 5 (importance 2), 7 (importance 2)
Annotator 3: Sentences 5 (importance 3), 7 (importance 2), 3 (importance 1)
Annotator 4: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 1 (importance 3), 2 (importance 2)


Sentence 0: (CNN) -- A magnitude 7.0 earthquake struck Haiti two years ago, sending an already struggling nation into a tailspin.
Sentence 1: Relief organizations estimate that more than 300,000 people were injured, nearly 5,000 schools were damaged or destroyed, and 1.5 million people were left homeless.
Sentence 2: The quake affected one-third of the country's population, according to USAID.
Sentence 3: A cholera outbreak confirmed in late October 2010 and flooding from Hurricane Tomas in November aggravated dire conditions.
Sentence 4: "This water now came by and washed away anything we had left," Leogane resident Charlie Simolien said.
Sentence 5: Recovery efforts have transitioned from relief to rebuilding, but more than half a million people still live in displacement camps, according to the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs.
Sentence 6: From the economy and education to health care and homelessness, relief organizations remain in Haiti, working to meet the ongoing needs of the Haitian people, and there are ways you can help.
Sentence 7: MFK fights malnutrition, creates jobs

Meds & Food for Kids (MFK) develops, produces and distributes "Medika Mamba," Creole for peanut butter medicine, and other nutritious foods to fight malnutrition.
Sentence 8: When the earthquake hit in 2010, MFK distributed more than 40,000 pounds of Medika Mamba to malnourished children and patients recovering from amputations and surgery.
Sentence 9: Today, MFK continues its nutrition programs across the country.
Sentence 10: A new factory opens this summer and will expand production tenfold.

Annotator 0: Sentences 7 (importance 3), 5 (importance 2), 1 (importance 1)
Annotator 1: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 6 (importance 2), 4 (importance 1)
Annotator 2: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 1 (importance 2), 8 (importance 1)
Annotator 3: Sentences 0 (importance 3)
Annotator 4: Sentences 8 (importance 3), 1 (importance 2), 0 (importance 1)


Sentence 0: Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic (CNN) -- Trapped beneath his collapsed home in Port-au-Prince, rescuers had to amputate Georges Exantus' right leg in order to free him.
Sentence 1: He was one of the survivors from Haiti's January 12 earthquake that killed more than 200,000 people.
Sentence 2: Exantus, 29, was quickly rushed to a hospital in neighboring Dominican Republic, where he spent over two months recovering.
Sentence 3: Now, he is waiting at a bus stop in Santo Domingo, heading back to Haiti.
Sentence 4: Back to uncertainty.
Sentence 5: Back to zero.
Sentence 6: "Staying in the Dominican Republic is not an option," he said.
Sentence 7: That's because the Dominican Republic's government is forcing Haitian refugees to return home after they have received medical treatment there.
Sentence 8: But it is unclear where Exantus and others like him will go.
Sentence 9: It could take more than a decade to rebuild Haiti's capital, Port-au-Prince, which was devastated by the 7.0 magnitude temblor.
Sentence 10: Read more about Haiti's recovery efforts

"We share one island, but it is probably easier to find refuge for Haitians in France than in the Dominican Republic", said Hode Hyppolite, a family friend who accompanied Exantus back to Port-au-Prince.

Annotator 0: Sentences 0 (importance 2), 3 (importance 2), 9 (importance 1)
Annotator 1: Sentences 0 (importance 2), 1 (importance 2)
Annotator 2: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 2 (importance 2), 6 (importance 1)
Annotator 3: Sentences 7 (importance 2), 10 (importance 2), 3 (importance 1)
Annotator 4: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 7 (importance 2), 9 (importance 1)


Sentence 0: (CNN) -- A magnitude 7.9 earthquake struck off the coast of central Peru on Wednesday evening, killing 15 people and leaving 70 hurt, President Alan Garcia said on national television.
Sentence 1: Pedestrians try to make calls on their cell phones in Lima, Peru, after a strong earthquake Wednesday.
Sentence 2: Peru's Panamericana TV put the death toll at 17.
Sentence 3: It showed footage of traffic lights in the capital, Lima, swaying with the quake.
Sentence 4: After everything stopped shaking, medics were seen tending to a woman.
Sentence 5: The video also showed chunks of plaster that had fallen from buildings.
Sentence 6: Some Lima residents were sobbing after the temblor, while others appeared to be praying.
Sentence 7: "This has been the most terrifying experience we've had," Gladys Tarnawiecki told CNN from her home in Lima.
Sentence 8: "It was extremely long ... never in my life had I experienced this long an earthquake," she said.
Sentence 9: See the Lima resident describe how people were 'shouting and praying' »

Many people were outside in the streets, she said, as the radio warned them that aftershocks could follow the quake.
Sentence 10: Tarnawiecki said she was waiting in her car, afraid to go back inside.

Annotator 0: Sentences 9 (importance 3), 3 (importance 2), 0 (importance 1)
Annotator 1: Sentences 8 (importance 3), 5 (importance 2), 2 (importance 1)
Annotator 2: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 1 (importance 2), 3 (importance 2)
Annotator 3: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 3 (importance 3), 1 (importance 2)
Annotator 4: Sentences 3 (importance 3), 1 (importance 2), 0 (importance 1)


Sentence 0: MEXICO CITY (CNN) -- A moderately strong earthquake rocked Mexico City on Friday afternoon, shaking the earth in the sprawling capital.
Sentence 1: People in Mexico City stream into the street as a magnitude 5.7 earthquake hits.
Sentence 2: The U.S. Geological Survey measured the quake at magnitude 5.7, and placed the epicenter near the city of Puebla, about 85 miles southeast of Mexico City.
Sentence 3: It hit at 2:24 p.m. local time.
Sentence 4: The Mexican seismological service measured the quake at 5.9.
Sentence 5: People in the city reported the earth and buildings shaking.
Sentence 6: Thousands of panicked people streamed into the streets as stopped cars snarled traffic.
Sentence 7: Parts of the city were without electricity Friday afternoon but there were no immediate reports of injuries or damage.
Sentence 8: Earthquakes are a frightening experience for the 20 million residents of Mexico City, where thousands of people perished in a massive quake in 1985.
Sentence 9: The city, built on volcanic ash and clay, is particularly vulnerable to temblors.
Sentence 10: Aldo Pontecorvo of the humanitarian agency World Vision said the shaking lasted about 20 seconds.

Annotator 0: Sentences 1 (importance 2), 4 (importance 2), 6 (importance 2)
Annotator 1: Sentences 2 (importance 2), 0 (importance 1)
Annotator 2: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 1 (importance 3), 2 (importance 2)
Annotator 3: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 1 (importance 3)
Annotator 4: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 1 (importance 3), 2 (importance 3)


Sentence 0: The Washington Monument remains "structurally sound" and is "not going anywhere," a top National Park Service official said Monday, announcing the result of a comprehensive assessment of the structure's interior.
Sentence 1: A five-day examination of the monument's exterior will begin Tuesday, according to Bob Vogel, superintendent of the National Mall and Memorial Parks.
Sentence 2: Four cracks in the monument's marble were discovered shortly after a 5.8-magnitude earthquake struck the East Coast on August 23.
Sentence 3: The monument has since been closed to the public.
Sentence 4: Officials declined to say Monday when the monument will re-open.
Sentence 5: Small pools of standing water were found in the monument during inspections following Hurricane Irene, the National Park Service said in late August.
Sentence 6: "What happened was a lot of mortar popped out, so much so that you can see sunlight above 450 feet in the monument," spokeswoman Carol Johnson said at the time.
Sentence 7: The National Park Service has been working with an engineering firm to determine the extent of the damage and what it will cost to fix it.
Sentence 8: Repairs will include pinning several stones together and replacing some mortar, Johnson noted.
Sentence 9: The Washington Monument, built between 1848 and 1884, is 555 feet, 5 and one-eighth inches tall.
Sentence 10: Its walls are 15 feet thick at the base and 18 inches at the top, and are composed primarily of white marble blocks, according to the National Park Service.

Annotator 0: Sentences 2 (importance 3), 1 (importance 2), 3 (importance 1)
Annotator 1: Sentences 2 (importance 3), 5 (importance 2), 6 (importance 1)
Annotator 2: Sentences 3 (importance 3), 4 (importance 1)
Annotator 3: Sentences 6 (importance 3), 8 (importance 3)
Annotator 4: Sentences 2 (importance 3), 3 (importance 1)


Sentence 0: Tokyo (CNN) -- Nissan has started scanning vehicles made in Japan for traces of radioactive material, a company official said Friday.
Sentence 1: "Looking ahead, we will continue to implement all appropriate measures to reassure the public that all products from our company remain within globally accepted safety standards and until we are confident that any risk of contamination is completely removed," said Simon Sproule, corporate vice president of marketing for Nissan Motor Company.
Sentence 2: Sproule said the monitoring began this week.
Sentence 3: Sources inside the company said there is virtually no risk of contamination from a car and no potential health risk to customers, but testing began because of public concern.
Sentence 4: Production at several Nissan facilities remains suspended after a 9.0-magnitude earthquake damaged plants and equipment on March 11, the company said in a statement Thursday.

Annotator 0: Sentences 4 (importance 2)
Annotator 1: Sentences 4 (importance 3), 3 (importance 2), 0 (importance 1)
Annotator 2: Sentences 4 (importance 1)
Annotator 3: Sentences 4 (importance 3)
Annotator 4: Sentences 4 (importance 3)


Sentence 0: (CNN) -- It's been three years since Japan was hit with its worst-ever earthquake, causing serious damage to Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant.
Sentence 1: The 9 magnitude quake and subsequent tsunami sent three of Fukushima's reactors into melt-down, shocking the world.
Sentence 2: Japan, a fully industrialized country with high safety requirements, was facing a nuclear disaster of a similar scale to the deadly 1986 Chernobyl accident, in Soviet Ukraine.
Sentence 3: As a result, many countries decided to review their energy policies.
Sentence 4: Before the accident, 442 nuclear power reactors in 30 countries produced 14% of all world's electricity.
Sentence 5: This number dropped to just 11% in 2012, as 15 reactors exited service -- mainly in Germany and Japan.
Sentence 6: Today, 435 reactors operate in 31 countries, and a further 68 are under construction.
Sentence 7: After the Fukushima disaster, Japan pulled back its nuclear ambitions, ordered large-scale inspections and introduced new safety regulations.
Sentence 8: All of its 48 remaining reactors have been kept offline and a proposal to restart the program awaits parliament's approval.
Sentence 9: Germany shut down eight of its oldest reactors almost immediately after Fukushima, focusing instead on renewable energy, and phase-out all of its nuclear power by 2022.
Sentence 10: Switzerland adopted a similar approach when the government decided not to build any new reactors and phase out its nuclear production by 2034.

Annotator 0: Sentences 0 (importance 3)
Annotator 1: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 1 (importance 2), 7 (importance 1)
Annotator 2: Sentences 1 (importance 3), 2 (importance 3), 3 (importance 3)
Annotator 3: Sentences 0 (importance 2), 1 (importance 2)
Annotator 4: Sentences 7 (importance 3), 2 (importance 2), 0 (importance 1)


Sentence 0: Tokyo (CNN) -- A 6.4-magnitude earthquake struck Sunday morning off the east coast of Honshu, Japan, the U.S. Geological Survey said.
Sentence 1: The earthquake was centered 27 miles (43.5 kilometers) beneath the surface about 114 miles (184 kilometers) northeast of Tokyo, the agency said.
Sentence 2: There were no immediate reports of injuries or damage.
Sentence 3: The country's Nuclear and Industrial Safety Agency said there were no reports of problems at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant as a result of the earthquake, according to Japanese broadcaster NHK.
Sentence 4: The plant was crippled by a much more powerful earthquake on March 11.
Sentence 5: Japan has been struck by hundreds of aftershocks off the coast of Honshu since that quake.

Annotator 0: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 1 (importance 2), 3 (importance 1)
Annotator 1: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 4 (importance 2), 5 (importance 1)
Annotator 2: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 3 (importance 2), 5 (importance 1)
Annotator 3: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 1 (importance 2), 2 (importance 1)
Annotator 4: Sentences 1 (importance 2), 0 (importance 1)


Sentence 0: Minamisoma, Japan (CNN) -- The scene of sheer devastation left by powerful tsunami waves looked sadly familiar: trucks slammed into houses, uprooted trees and downed power lines soaked in muddy water, while time stood still inside abandoned homes with unmade beds and scattered stuffed toys.
Sentence 1: It was the eerie combination of sounds that stood out as I surveyed a deserted village on this chilly Wednesday morning: Rustling of dangling tin sheets in gusty wind, my own breathing behind a face mask and the constant beeping of my Geiger counter.
Sentence 2: My colleagues and I had just entered the 20-kilometer exclusion zone, a radius Japanese authorities drew around the Fukushima Daiichi power plant and ordered some 78,000 residents evacuated in the early days of the crisis, now the worst nuclear accident since Chernobyl.
Sentence 3: The March 11 twin disasters of a 9.0-magnitude earthquake and the ensuing tsunami in northeastern Japan have resulted in the plant belching radioactive particles into the surrounding environment.
Sentence 4: Driving for two hours on winding highways from the Fukushima train station, we had passed through rural Japan's alternating scenes of snow-covered mountains and green valleys in full bloom -- until we reached a checkpoint with a big "no-entry" sign and flashing red lights.
Sentence 5: A friendly police officer, however, waved us through, after emphasizing the need to don face masks despite the relatively low reading on radiation.
Sentence 6: Our shoes tightly wrapped in paper booties, we finally stepped onto the soil inside the so-called hot zone, some 18 kilometers north of the stricken nuclear plant.
Sentence 7: With parts of the ground still wet from days of rain, we avoided murky puddles to minimize the risk of cross-contamination.
Sentence 8: The numbers on our Geiger counters fluctuated while the alarms -- with base level set low -- kept going off.
Sentence 9: Still, we faced no danger of being exposed to anything that would harm human health.
Sentence 10: Cars zipped by occasionally as residents were allowed in to check on homes and businesses, but the only other sign of life appeared to be farm animals -- a few cows, horses and chickens -- left behind that have grown gaunt.

Annotator 0: Sentences 3 (importance 2), 6 (importance 2), 2 (importance 1)
Annotator 1: Sentences 3 (importance 2)
Annotator 2: Sentences 0 (importance 2), 10 (importance 2)
Annotator 3: Sentences 3 (importance 3), 2 (importance 2), 4 (importance 1)
Annotator 4: Sentences 3 (importance 3), 0 (importance 2), 2 (importance 1)


Sentence 0: (CNN) -- A strong earthquake struck coastal Chile near the port city of Valparaiso late Monday, causing mudslides and some minor damage, the U.S. Geological Survey reported.
Sentence 1: The 6.7-magnitude quake knocked out some power and phone lines in the region, authorities said.
Sentence 2: The temblor was felt in the capital city, Santiago, located 69 miles from the epicenter.
Sentence 3: A CNN en EspaÃ±ol anchor held onto his desk as the quake rattled the studio during a newscast in Huechurba, a suburb of the capital.
Sentence 4: "We could feel the ground shaking," said journalist Richard Madan.
Sentence 5: "It felt like we were standing on a subway track but multiply that by about 200."
Sentence 6: Madan, of CNN's Canadian affiliate CTV, is in Santiago as part of the traveling press for Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper's visit there.
Sentence 7: Both he and the Canadian delegation were okay, Madan said.
Sentence 8: No tsunami warning was issued, according to Chile's Hydrographic and Oceanographic Service, and a preventive evacuation for the area has been lifted.
Sentence 9: A 72-year-old man died of a heart attack during the evacuation, according to regional Mayor Raul Celis.
Sentence 10: The same part of the country was hit with an 8.8-magnitude earthquake in February 2010, killing hundreds of people.

Annotator 0: Sentences 2 (importance 3), 1 (importance 2), 0 (importance 1)
Annotator 1: Sentences 2 (importance 2), 0 (importance 1), 3 (importance 1)
Annotator 2: Sentences 2 (importance 3), 0 (importance 2), 1 (importance 2)
Annotator 3: Sentences 3 (importance 3), 2 (importance 2), 0 (importance 1)
Annotator 4: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 1 (importance 2), 10 (importance 1)


Sentence 0: (CNN Student News) -- October 1, 2009

Quick Guide

Samoa Earthquake - Understand how seismic events, like the Samoan quake, can spawn tsunamis.
Sentence 1: Iran's Inspections - Hear the International Atomic Energy Agency's stance on Iran's nuclear program.
Sentence 2: Longer School Day - Consider the potential pros and cons of a plan to extend the U.S. school day.
Sentence 3: Transcript

THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT.
Sentence 4: THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED.
Sentence 5: CARL AZUZ, CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR: Kicking off a new month of commercial-free news, I'm Carl Azuz and this is CNN Student News!
Sentence 6: Glad to have you with us.
Sentence 7: First Up: Indonesian Earthquake

AZUZ: We begin in Indonesia, where officials are working to determine the full impact of a major earthquake.
Sentence 8: The difficulty is that the tremor, which struck around 5 p.m. local time yesterday, caused widespread power and phone outages.
Sentence 9: Initial reports did indicate that the quake killed at least 75 people.
Sentence 10: Officials believe hundreds more may be injured and thousands may be trapped.

Annotator 0: Sentences 7 (importance 3), 8 (importance 2), 9 (importance 1)
Annotator 1: Sentences 1 (importance 3), 4 (importance 2), 7 (importance 2)
Annotator 2: Sentences 9 (importance 3), 7 (importance 2), 1 (importance 1)
Annotator 3: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 9 (importance 2)
Annotator 4: Sentences 7 (importance 3), 8 (importance 2), 0 (importance 1)


Sentence 0: CIANJUR, Indonesia (CNN)  -- More than a day after a major earthquake jolted Indonesia's Java Island, killing at least 57 people, there is still no word from remote villages along the coast, a relief worker told CNN Thursday.
Sentence 1: Soldiers try to dig out the body of a victim buried by a landslide caused by the earthquake.
Sentence 2: "This earthquake has injured hundreds of people and (destroyed or damaged) thousands of houses," World Vision's Katarina Hardono said.
Sentence 3: "We worry that the number can be easily more because in many places, actually the coastal areas, we still (haven't gotten) any news."
Sentence 4: Rescuers are still searching for dozens of people feared trapped in a quake-triggered landslide in Cianjur in West Java.
Sentence 5: They pulled several bodies from the rubble Thursday bringing the death toll from the quake to 57.
Sentence 6: "The death count has been thankfully low, but we have to remember that tens of thousands of homes have been damaged or destroyed and children and adults are urgently in need of relief items," said Hardono, who spoke to CNN from the Indonesian capital, Jakarta.
Sentence 7: Rainfall Thursday hampered the rescue efforts in Cianjur, where the landslide buried at least 11 homes where 32 people live, local officials said.
Sentence 8: Watch description of the evacuation after the quake hit »

Indonesian President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono visited Cianjur, and vowed to free up nearly $500,000 (5 billion rupiahs) for emergency response efforts, according to the state-run Antara news agency.
Sentence 9: He said there was no need for foreign assistance just yet.
Sentence 10: "Until now the Indonesian government is still able to handle it by itself using existing national resources," he said, according to Antara.

Annotator 0: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 2 (importance 2)
Annotator 1: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 4 (importance 2), 7 (importance 2)
Annotator 2: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 4 (importance 2), 6 (importance 2)
Annotator 3: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 4 (importance 2), 8 (importance 1)
Annotator 4: Sentences 6 (importance 3), 4 (importance 2), 0 (importance 1)


Sentence 0: Christchurch, New Zealand (CNN) -- The death toll from the 6.3-magnitude earthquake that demolished parts of Christchurch, New Zealand, last week has climbed to 147, authorities said Sunday.
Sentence 1: The figure is expected to rise, the Ministry of Civil Defence and Emergency Management said.
Sentence 2: Seventy people have been rescued alive from the quake that struck Tuesday, the agency said.
Sentence 3: Police in the battered town said Friday that more than 200 people still missing.
Sentence 4: Many of the missing were feared dead.
Sentence 5: Included in that were all the people who were in the Canterbury TV building that toppled in the Tuesday earthquake.
Sentence 6: Police say they have "grave fears" for all who were in the building including 90 students and staff from the King's Education language school -- headquartered on the third floor.
Sentence 7: Donna Tai Rakena's husband Tetaki was an English teacher and was working there when the quake struck.
Sentence 8: After the shaking ceased, she said she called his cell phone and got no answer.
Sentence 9: She jumped on her bike and pedaled down to the fallen building to see if she could find her husband in the mess of mangled steel and rubble.
Sentence 10: Police broke the news to her: Her soul mate of 30 years, the man she affectionately called Wally, was believed to be dead.

Annotator 0: Sentences 0 (importance 1)
Annotator 1: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 5 (importance 2), 7 (importance 1)
Annotator 2: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 1 (importance 1)
Annotator 3: Sentences 0 (importance 3)
Annotator 4: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 5 (importance 3)


Sentence 0: United Nations (CNN) -- The United Nations Security Council has approved a proposal to send an additional 2,000 soldiers and 1,500 police officers to quake-ravaged Haiti, U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said Tuesday.
Sentence 1: By its approval of the plan Monday, "the council sends a clear signal: The world is with Haiti," Ban said.
Sentence 2: He said he was confident that member states would respond quickly in order to get the troops on the ground as soon as possible.
Sentence 3: "I believe that the deployment of additional troops and police forces will be done quite quickly," Ban said.
Sentence 4: "...
Sentence 5: In every aspect of our operation there, we are running against time."
Sentence 6: Look for missing loved ones

The forces will bolster the approximately 7,000 U.N. soldiers and 2,200 police already assigned there, at least 22 of whom were killed in the January 12 earthquake.
Sentence 7: About 150 people affiliated with the U.N. remain unaccounted for.
Sentence 8: Although Tuesday marks a week since the magnitude 7.0 temblor struck, "there are still lives to be saved," Ban said.
Sentence 9: Some 90 victims have been saved by 43 international rescue teams, made up of about 1,700 people.
Sentence 10: Relief operations and delivery of aid are increasing and becoming better organized, Ban said, although he added, "For those who have lost everything, of course, help cannot come soon enough."

Annotator 0: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 6 (importance 3), 2 (importance 2)
Annotator 1: Sentences 0 (importance 1)
Annotator 2: Sentences 7 (importance 3), 0 (importance 2)
Annotator 3: Sentences 6 (importance 3), 0 (importance 1)
Annotator 4: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 1 (importance 2), 2 (importance 1)


Sentence 0: (CNN) -- One of the emergency responders at last month's deadly Texas fertilizer plant explosion is now charged with possessing materials for a pipe bomb, a court document states.
Sentence 1: Authorities on Friday said they are launching a criminal investigation into last month's blast in the town of West, but have not said if the arrest of Bryce Reed is connected.
Sentence 2: Local sheriff's deputies were called on Tuesday to a residence where they found components for a pipe bomb, according to a criminal complaint affidavit.
Sentence 3: The officers determined that Reed had given the materials to the resident of that home last month.
Sentence 4: Among the materials found were a galvanized metal pipe, a fuse, coils of metal ribbon and several bags of chemical powders, the affidavit states.
Sentence 5: Reed, who was arrested early Friday, is charged with possession of a destructive device.
Sentence 6: "At this time authorities will not speculate whether the possession of the unregistered destructive device has any connection to the West fertilizer plant explosion," the U.S. attorney's office for the Western District of Texas said in a release.
Sentence 7: If convicted, Reed would face up to 10 years in prison and a $250,000 fine.
Sentence 8: Reed spoke last month at a memorial for the victims at Baylor University.
Sentence 9: The arrest details came as authorities said they conducting a thorough criminal investigation into the April 17 fire and explosion that killed 14 in the small town of West.
Sentence 10: "This disaster has severely impacted the community of West, and we want to ensure that no stone goes unturned and that all the facts related to this incident are uncovered," DPS Director Steven McCraw said.

Annotator 0: Sentences 2 (importance 3), 5 (importance 2), 0 (importance 1)
Annotator 1: Sentences 0 (importance 2), 6 (importance 2), 9 (importance 2)
Annotator 2: Sentences 1 (importance 3), 0 (importance 2), 9 (importance 1)
Annotator 3: Sentences 10 (importance 3), 9 (importance 2), 1 (importance 1)
Annotator 4: Sentences 0 (importance 1)


Sentence 0: (CNN) -- A magnitude 8.2 earthquake struck the Russian Far East on Friday, the U.S. Geologicial Survey reported.
Sentence 1: The epicenter for the extremely powerful quake was located in the Sea of Okhotsk, just to the west of the Kamchatka Peninsula, and about 600 kilometers (nearly 375 miles) underground.
Sentence 2: The quake was felt for five minutes in the region, Russia's Ria Novosti news agency reported.
Sentence 3: Many people ran into the streets as the temblor shook.
Sentence 4: No tsunami warnings were issued in the quake's immediate aftermath.
Sentence 5: The region is located along the Pacific "ring of fire," an area of high seismic and volcanic activity stretching from New Zealand in the South Pacific up through Japan, across to Alaska and down the west coasts of North and South America.
Sentence 6: CNN's Boriana Milanova contributed to this report

Annotator 0: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 1 (importance 3), 5 (importance 2)
Annotator 1: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 1 (importance 3), 5 (importance 2)
Annotator 2: Sentences 4 (importance 3), 2 (importance 2), 0 (importance 1)
Annotator 3: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 1 (importance 2), 4 (importance 1)
Annotator 4: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 1 (importance 2), 5 (importance 1)


Sentence 0: Port-au-Prince, Haiti (CNN) -- Haiti's capital awoke to increasing desperation Thursday morning, a day and a half after a devastating earthquake, with covered bodies piling up along streets and modern aspects of life, such as electricity, mostly missing.
Sentence 1: The streets of Port-au-Prince resembled grainy black-and-white newsreels from World War II that showed the rubble of bombed-out houses in Berlin and London.
Sentence 2: The devastation was wide and often horrific.
Sentence 3: A one-hour drive from the airport to a walled-in hotel where the CNN contingent is staying revealed the widespread destruction from Tuesday's 7.0-magnitude earthquake.
Sentence 4: Flattened and severely damaged houses were found on every block, and the streets were choked with pedestrians and residents.
Sentence 5: They set up overnight camps and slept by the thousands in dark and crowded parks and on sidewalks, for fear of being inside if another powerful quake hit.
Sentence 6: Numerous aftershocks have rattled the capital.
Sentence 7: Sporadic gunfire was heard Wednesday night outside the hotel where CNN is lodged.
Sentence 8: Sirens could be heard at times, but the predominant sounds in the pre-dawn darkness were the shouts and screams from the thousands of people who spent the night in a dark park across the street.
Sentence 9: A rooster's crowing could sometimes be heard above the din.
Sentence 10: After electricity in the hotel was shut off at 1 a.m., CNN technicians worked on satellite equipment by flashlight.

Annotator 0: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 5 (importance 2), 2 (importance 1)
Annotator 1: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 1 (importance 2), 6 (importance 1)
Annotator 2: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 1 (importance 2), 3 (importance 1)
Annotator 3: Sentences 3 (importance 2), 1 (importance 1)
Annotator 4: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 1 (importance 2), 3 (importance 1)


Sentence 0: Port-au-Prince, Haiti (CNN) -- Raymond Thomas is a jolly man who laughs easily and likes to say "Forget it" a lot.
Sentence 1: He'd like to forget the devastation wrought at the Port-au-Prince harbor where his fleet of trucks used to pick up cargo.
Sentence 2: Tuesday's 7.0-magnitude earthquake sent a quarter-mile pier crumbling into the sea along with two of his trucks.
Sentence 3: The few workers who went into the water swam to safety, Thomas said, but the port remains shut down, and desperately needed aid cannot be unloaded quickly.
Sentence 4: "Now we're just starving to death," he said, worried that the airport and smaller harbors cannot handle the necessary volume of relief supplies.
Sentence 5: "That was the whole country right there," he added, pointing at two toppled cranes on the remains of the pier that stand out against the clear-blue sky.
Sentence 6: Thomas owns Raymond and Sons Trucking, a fleet of 35 trucks that haul cargo from the port.
Sentence 7: The company employed about 50 employees, all of them now out of work.
Sentence 8: "I'm out," Thomas said.
Sentence 9: The port won't be back for a while.
Sentence 10: Roads have been split apart and buckled, fences have fallen over.

Annotator 0: Sentences 1 (importance 3), 2 (importance 2)
Annotator 1: Sentences 2 (importance 3), 7 (importance 2), 4 (importance 1)
Annotator 2: Sentences 7 (importance 3), 5 (importance 2), 1 (importance 1)
Annotator 3: Sentences 1 (importance 3), 2 (importance 2), 10 (importance 1)
Annotator 4: Sentences 2 (importance 3), 3 (importance 1)


Sentence 0: Washington (CNN) -- Just days after a magnitude 5.8 earthquake cracked the Washington Monument in four places, the National Park Service is trying to protect it from being further damaged by Hurricane Irene, spokeswoman Carol Johnson said Friday.
Sentence 1: Engineers for the National Park Service are working inside the Washington Monument to "plug holes and catch anything that they can't plug," Johnson told CNN.
Sentence 2: "We have a group of people who are on ropes up there, trying to pin and plug whatever they can."
Sentence 3: The engineers are using a flexible insulation called backer rod.
Sentence 4: "They are basically jamming it into the cracks," Johnson said.
Sentence 5: "They are doing what they can and putting this backer rod in and then they are going to go back up and inspect after the storm," she added.
Sentence 6: One area of special concern -- the most extensive damage to the stonework near the top caused by Tuesday's earthquake.
Sentence 7: "The crack is about 4 feet long and 1 inch wide and in some places wider and you can see sunlight through the crack," Johnson said.
Sentence 8: The monument is closed indefinitely to the public while engineers assess the damage caused by the quake.
Sentence 9: Even without the new cracks, the monument would have experienced seepage because of the way it was built, according to Johnson.
Sentence 10: "The anticipation is there will be more water because of these cracks.

Annotator 0: Sentences 9 (importance 3), 1 (importance 2), 0 (importance 1)
Annotator 1: Sentences 0 (importance 2), 6 (importance 1)
Annotator 2: Sentences 0 (importance 2)
Annotator 3: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 1 (importance 2)
Annotator 4: Sentences 0 (importance 2)


Sentence 0: (CNN) -- Tuesday's Virginia earthquake triggered the shutdown of a nearby nuclear power plant and spurred declarations of "unusual events" at plants as far away as Michigan, U.S. authorities reported.
Sentence 1: Dominion Virginia Power said both reactors at its North Anna plant, less than 20 miles from the epicenter of the magnitude-5.8 quake, shut down automatically after the first tremors.
Sentence 2: Amanda Reidelbach, an emergency management spokeswoman for Louisa County, said the plant vented steam, but there was no release of radioactive material.
Sentence 3: David Heacock, the utility's chief nuclear officer, said the 1,800-megawatt plant was operating on emergency power and the two pressurized-water reactors were safely deactivated.
Sentence 4: "The plants are designed for this kind of a seismic event," Heacock said.
Sentence 5: "There is no apparent damage to anything at the plant right now."
Sentence 6: Crews were working to restore off-site power to the plant Tuesday evening, the utility said.
Sentence 7: Dan Stoddard, senior vice president of nuclear operations for Dominion, said some power from the grid had been restored to the reactors and it was possible full power could be achieved late Tuesday.
Sentence 8: It was not clear if a 4.2-magnitude aftershock Tuesday evening would affect the operation.
Sentence 9: Stoddard said there was no damage to the spent fuel pool.
Sentence 10: The diesel generators supplying backup power have enough fuel to operate 30 days and more can be brought in, if needed, Stoddard told CNN

"The power plant is safe," Stoddard said.

Annotator 0: Sentences 7 (importance 3), 2 (importance 2), 1 (importance 1)
Annotator 1: Sentences 2 (importance 3), 1 (importance 2)
Annotator 2: Sentences 4 (importance 3), 3 (importance 2), 0 (importance 1)
Annotator 3: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 1 (importance 2), 3 (importance 1)
Annotator 4: Sentences 0 (importance 2), 1 (importance 2)


Sentence 0: (CNN) -- A 6.2-magnitude earthquake struck off Japan's eastern coast early Tuesday, the U.S. Geological Survey reported.
Sentence 1: With a depth of 9 kilometers (5.6 miles), the tremor was about 96 kilometers (almost 60 miles) east-northeast of Miyako and 550 kilometers (342 miles) north-northeast of Tokyo, according to the U.S. agency.
Sentence 2: The quake occurred just over a year and a half since a 9.0-magnitude earthquake triggered a huge tsunami off Japan, resulting in thousands of deaths and the world's worst nuclear crisis in a quarter century.
Sentence 3: The Japan Meteorological Agency, however, did not issue any tsunami warnings or advisories immediately after the Tuesday morning quake, according to its website.
Sentence 4: No such warnings were issued by the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center either.
Sentence 5: A little more than 30 minutes after this first earthquake, another significant, if slightly weaker one, hit the same general area.
Sentence 6: This 5.1-magnitude tremor was about the same distance from Tokyo as the first and about 107 kilometers (66 miles) east of Miyako -- which was among the areas devastated by the March 2011 earthquake and tsunami -- according to the U.S. Geological Survey.
Sentence 7: Tuesday's second quake was much deeper than the first, rooted about 38 kilometers (23.6 miles) below sea level.

Annotator 0: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 1 (importance 2), 2 (importance 1)
Annotator 1: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 1 (importance 3), 6 (importance 2)
Annotator 2: Sentences 7 (importance 2), 1 (importance 1), 6 (importance 1)
Annotator 3: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 2 (importance 2), 5 (importance 2)
Annotator 4: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 1 (importance 3), 6 (importance 3)


Sentence 0: Washington (CNN) -- While stone carvers chisel new pieces to repair damage inflicted on the Washington National Cathedral by an earthquake last August, fundraisers say the cathedral's restoration fund is $18 million short of the repair cost.
Sentence 1: The cathedral, sometimes called "the spiritual home for the nation," was perhaps the hardest-hit landmark in the capital when a magnitude 5.8 earthquake struck on August 23.
Sentence 2: The Gothic cathedral's three towers and the carved pinnacles and embellishments that decorate them were severely affected by the earthquake.
Sentence 3: "The repair work, which includes intricate stone carving and detailed masonry, and will require significant scaffolding and large cranes to access the damaged areas, could be completed in five years if sufficient funds are raised immediately," the cathedral said in a news release.
Sentence 4: Carvers are fabricating new stones from blocks of limestone taken from the original quarries in Indiana, it said.
Sentence 5: A total of $2 million was raised over the past six months to cover the cost of stabilizing damaged stones and protection to allow the cathedral to reopen, it said.
Sentence 6: The total repair cost, initially estimated at $15 million, is now expected to be more than $20 million, leaving another $18 million to be raised, it said.

Annotator 0: Sentences 1 (importance 2), 2 (importance 2), 0 (importance 1)
Annotator 1: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 6 (importance 2), 1 (importance 1)
Annotator 2: Sentences 0 (importance 2)
Annotator 3: Sentences 3 (importance 3), 0 (importance 2), 1 (importance 2)
Annotator 4: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 1 (importance 2), 2 (importance 1)


Sentence 0: (Fast Company) -- An earthquake with a magnitude of 8.9 hit Japan today, resulting in tsunami warnings for 20 countries, as well as California and Hawaii.
Sentence 1: Crisis mappers wasted no time responding: In under 2.5 hours Google launched its person finder application, which was also used when New Zealand's 6.3 quake struck last month, and a local developer in Tokyo, Shu Sigashi, a member of the OpenStreetMap Foundation in Japan, quickly put up a localized Ushahidi crisis platform.
Sentence 2: Crisis mapping's reach only goes as far as it is utilized, so the key now is getting the word out that online tools are available to help report the missing.
Sentence 3: Google's person finder app is already rapidly increasing in usage.
Sentence 4: Within a couple hours 2,000 reports had been logged.
Sentence 5: If you type in the name, "Yoshi," in Google's app, results come up that indicate whether people with that name have been reported as alive or missing.
Sentence 6: Hawaii's Pacific Disaster Center has updated tsunami warnings and an interactive map with information on the risks present on each island.
Sentence 7: The UN satellite monitoring group that teamed up with Google and George Clooney in Sudan could also be activated at the request of the Japanese government at any moment.
Sentence 8: "We're on standby basically," UNOSAT's Lars Bromley tells Fast Company.
Sentence 9: "The Japanese have a very good disaster satellite monitoring program run out of their space agency (JAXA).
Sentence 10: We'll assist if they request it."

Annotator 0: Sentences 1 (importance 3), 6 (importance 2), 0 (importance 1)
Annotator 1: Sentences 1 (importance 3), 3 (importance 2), 8 (importance 1)
Annotator 2: Sentences 0 (importance 3)
Annotator 3: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 1 (importance 1)
Annotator 4: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 1 (importance 2)


Sentence 0: (CNN) -- Twenty-five of 27 spent-fuel storage casks at a Virginia nuclear plant were shifted between 1 and 4 inches during last week's 5.8-magnitude earthquake, officials said Thursday.
Sentence 1: The cylinders, each 16 feet tall and weighing 115 tons, were not damaged, and no radiation was released, said Rick Zuercher, spokesman for Dominion Virginia Power, which operates the North Anna Power Station near Louisa, Virginia.
Sentence 2: Monitors were hooked up to the casks to determine any abnormalities, he said.
Sentence 3: He said the casks' movement was known shortly after the quake, which had an epicenter less than 20 miles from the plant, but the news was not released to the public.
Sentence 4: "We had a lot going on," Zuercher said.
Sentence 5: "There was no indication of any problem ... and there isn't any problem."
Sentence 6: Besides those casks, which are vertical, some of the horizontal bunkers holding spent fuel also were affected.
Sentence 7: The concrete "came loose on the face" of "a few" of the bunkers, Zuercher said, but the damage is not considered serious.
Sentence 8: The bunkers -- of which 13 of the 26 hold rods -- are each 16 feet long and weigh 50 tons.
Sentence 9: It is the first time such casks have been shifted by an earthquake in U.S. history, said Roger Hannah, spokesman for the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, as it's the first time a quake of this magnitude was felt at a nuclear plant in the country.
Sentence 10: The safety standards for such casks, he said, are "unbelievable."

Annotator 0: Sentences 3 (importance 3), 0 (importance 2)
Annotator 1: Sentences 2 (importance 2), 0 (importance 1)
Annotator 2: Sentences 0 (importance 1)
Annotator 3: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 3 (importance 2)
Annotator 4: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 1 (importance 2), 6 (importance 1)


Sentence 0: LOS ANGELES, California (CNN) -- A magnitude-5.4 earthquake shook the Los Angeles metropolitan area Tuesday, leaving residents rattled but causing no serious damage or injuries.
Sentence 1: Bricks and other debris clutter an alleyway in Pomona, near Los Angeles Tuesday afternoon.
Sentence 2: However, the temblor served as a warning to southern Californians who had not experienced an earthquake in some time: the "Big One" remains a possibility.
Sentence 3: "This is a sample, a small sample," said Kate Hutton, a seismologist at the California Institute of Technology.
Sentence 4: "This is somewhere between small and moderate."
Sentence 5: She said there is a 5 percent chance the quake could be a precursor to a larger earthquake.
Sentence 6: After 24 hours, she said, that chance will drop to 1 percent.
Sentence 7: "Every earthquake relieves some stress," Hutton said.
Sentence 8: "It's usually only a drop in the ocean.
Sentence 9: In other words, the amount of stress released by this earthquake is minuscule compared to the amount that's built up and is building up for the Big One when it happens some day in the future."
Sentence 10: Watch Hutton say Tuesday's quake was a sign of bigger ones to come »

And when will that be?

Annotator 0: Sentences 9 (importance 3), 2 (importance 2), 0 (importance 1)
Annotator 1: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 1 (importance 2), 2 (importance 2)
Annotator 2: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 1 (importance 2)
Annotator 3: Sentences 0 (importance 2), 7 (importance 2)
Annotator 4: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 1 (importance 2), 2 (importance 1)


Sentence 0: New Delhi (CNN) -- A group of locals looked on warily as we filmed our piece inside a congested, riverside Delhi neighborhood.
Sentence 1: And they've every reason to feel nervous.
Sentence 2: A number of deadly collapses in recent months have thrust the issue of illegally constructed and unsafe housing into the spotlight.
Sentence 3: On June 28, a four-story building in the city suddenly toppled over killing 10 people, including five children.
Sentence 4: That same day, an eleven-floor building under construction came crashing down in the southern Indian city of Chennai, killing 61 workers.
Sentence 5: Both incidents made headlines outside India -- and rightly so.
Sentence 6: But for many of the people living in these neighborhoods, the publicity is not necessarily welcome.
Sentence 7: That's because they're among the poorest and most vulnerable -- on one hand they fear for the safety of their homes, and on the other they fear being forcibly evicted and their homes destroyed.
Sentence 8: They have nowhere else to go.
Sentence 9: So when TV crews arrive, many are understandably defensive.
Sentence 10: As we filmed in Laxmi Nagar, a neighborhood of eastern Delhi located along the Yamuna River, pockmarked with ramshackle residential blocks, a man approached us and questioned whether we had the right to film.

Annotator 0: Sentences 3 (importance 3), 4 (importance 3), 2 (importance 2)
Annotator 1: Sentences 1 (importance 2), 3 (importance 2), 10 (importance 1)
Annotator 2: Sentences 9 (importance 3), 6 (importance 2), 1 (importance 1)
Annotator 3: Sentences 3 (importance 3), 4 (importance 2), 7 (importance 1)
Annotator 4: Sentences 4 (importance 3)


Sentence 0: (CNN) -- In September 1985 a devastating earthquake measuring 8.1 on the Richter Scale smashed into Mexico City killing 10,000 people and leaving parts of the city in ruins.
Sentence 1: Since then, the populous Latin American nation of 122 million has invested in one of the most advanced seismic warning systems anywhere in the world.
Sentence 2: The SASMEX facility came online in 1991 and reacts to data gathered by sensors placed near major fault lines along Mexico's Pacific coast.
Sentence 3: Receivers dotted around five major cities, including Mexico City and Acapulco, will sound the alarm if they detect an earthquake.
Sentence 4: It's a system that can buy vital seconds for residents to brace themselves before the tremors begin.
Sentence 5: But not everyone has access to a SASMEX receiver -- there are 100,000 in operation but at a cost of roughly $330 apiece, they are a luxury the majority of Mexicans can't afford.
Sentence 6: Most receivers are stationed in the likes of public buildings, hospitals, schools and subway stations.
Sentence 7: With roughly 21 million people living both formally and informally in and around Mexico City alone, that means many will not be aware the alarm is sounding until the ground begins shaking.
Sentence 8: $50 alarm

According to local tech entrepreneur, Andres Meira, such vital services should be far more widely available.
Sentence 9: Meira is no passive observer in this debate.
Sentence 10: He moved to Mexico City after working in Haiti and witnessing the devastation caused by the 7.0 magnitude earthquake that struck the Caribbean island in 2010 killing more than 230,000 people.

Annotator 0: Sentences 1 (importance 3), 2 (importance 2), 3 (importance 1)
Annotator 1: Sentences 6 (importance 3), 4 (importance 2), 3 (importance 1)
Annotator 2: Sentences 6 (importance 2), 5 (importance 1)
Annotator 3: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 10 (importance 2), 3 (importance 1)
Annotator 4: Sentences 0 (importance 3)


Sentence 0: Jakarta, Indonesia (CNN) -- A magnitude 7.3 earthquake struck early Wednesday off the west coast of the Indonesian island of Sumatra, the U.S. Geological Survey reported, but witnesses reported only minor shaking on land.
Sentence 1: The quake was centered in the northern Indian Ocean, more than 400 km (250 miles) off northern Sumatra and more than 29 km (18 miles) beneath the surface.
Sentence 2: Indonesian authorities initially issued a tsunami warning for the area, before lifting it a couple of hours after the first quake struck.
Sentence 3: The Hawaii-based Pacific Tsunami Warning Center said there was no threat of a massive wave like the one that devastated the region in 2004.
Sentence 4: The quake hit at 12:37 a.m. Wednesday (1:37 p.m. Tuesday ET), according to the USGS.
Sentence 5: There were no immediate reports of damage, and hotel clerks contacted by CNN reported only mild shaking.
Sentence 6: One front desk clerk in Aceh said a few hotel guests went outside when the quake hit, but most weren't awakened.
Sentence 7: The region is highly active seismically, and a magnitude 9.1 quake in December 2004 generated a tsunami that killed people as far away as eastern Africa.
Sentence 8: The death toll from the combined disaster topped 280,000 in a dozen countries, most of them in Indonesia.
Sentence 9: CNN's Kathy Quiano contributed to this report.

Annotator 0: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 1 (importance 3), 8 (importance 1)
Annotator 1: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 1 (importance 3)
Annotator 2: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 1 (importance 2)
Annotator 3: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 1 (importance 2)
Annotator 4: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 1 (importance 2), 7 (importance 1)


Sentence 0: (CNN) -- There's no need to tell football fans in Seattle to take it up a notch.
Sentence 1: They're doing just fine, thank you.
Sentence 2: After setting a Guinness World Record for noise at an outdoor stadium in September, CenturyLink Field went seismic during Monday Night Football, registering as an earthquake at a recording station about a block from the stadium.
Sentence 3: How big, you ask?
Sentence 4: In the magnitude 1-to-2 range, according to John Vidale, a professor at the University of Washington and the director of the Pacific Northwest Seismic Network.
Sentence 5: Vidale said his staff recorded five separate seismic events during Seattle's 34-7 pasting of New Orleans -- a match-up of two of the NFL's top teams.
Sentence 6: The most intense episode came late in the first quarter, when Seahawks defensive lineman Michael Bennett returned a Saints fumble 22 yards for a touchdown.
Sentence 7: Seattle fans did this once before.
Sentence 8: In 2011, a Marshawn Lynch touchdown shook the earthquake recording station too.
Sentence 9: And in 1988, college fans at Louisiana State University rocked the bayou in a come-from-behind victory over 4th-ranked Auburn, registering on the campus seismograph.

Annotator 0: Sentences 2 (importance 3), 5 (importance 2)
Annotator 1: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 2 (importance 2), 4 (importance 1)
Annotator 2: Sentences 9 (importance 3), 5 (importance 2), 2 (importance 1)
Annotator 3: Sentences 9 (importance 3), 6 (importance 2), 2 (importance 1)
Annotator 4: Sentences 2 (importance 3)


Sentence 0: (CNN) -- A 6.2-magnitude earthquake struck off the southern coast of Panama on Sunday, the U.S. Geological Survey said.
Sentence 1: The center of the quake was roughly 215 miles south of David, Panama, and almost 330 miles southwest of the capital, Panama City, the USGS said.
Sentence 2: It was an estimated six miles deep.
Sentence 3: The USGS had initially given the quake a magnitude of 6.6.
Sentence 4: There was no tsunami threat, the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center said.
Sentence 5: There were also no immediate reports of injuries or damage.

Annotator 0: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 1 (importance 1)
Annotator 1: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 2 (importance 2)
Annotator 2: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 1 (importance 3)
Annotator 3: Sentences 1 (importance 3), 0 (importance 2), 2 (importance 1)
Annotator 4: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 1 (importance 3)


Sentence 0: Tokyo (CNN) -- Journalists got their first ground-level glance Saturday around Japan's stricken Fukushima Daiichi nuclear facility -- eying shells of reactor buildings, tons of contaminated water and workers scurrying still to mitigate damage from a crisis that began eight months ago.
Sentence 1: An epic 9.0-magnitude earthquake and subsequent tsunami March 11 wreaked havoc around Japan, killing more than 15,000 people.
Sentence 2: While many of those died instantly, the East Asian nation was on edge for weeks as utility and government employees scrambled to prevent a worsening nuclear catastrophe at the Daiichi plant, located about 150 miles (240 kilometers) north of Tokyo.
Sentence 3: Japan's Nuclear and Industrial Safety Agency eventually categorized the accident as a level-7 event on the international scale for nuclear disasters -- the highest level -- putting it on par with the 1986 Chernobyl disaster.
Sentence 4: It took months, but the Tokyo Electric Power Company (the plant's operator) eventually indicated that its workers were gaining control in the crisis.
Sentence 5: Throughout the summer and fall, there were no longer reports of explosions, nor stories about new leaks of radioactive material into the ground and sea.
Sentence 6: But the facility still remained off-limits to reporters and, for a 20-kilometer radius around the plant, to the general public due to the continued high levels of radiation and ongoing efforts to prevent yet more blasts and leaks.
Sentence 7: That temporarily changed Saturday, when about three dozen journalists traveled by bus through abandoned towns en route to the nuclear facility.
Sentence 8: They passed, for instance, withered plants at an abandoned nursery, a shattered car dealership and a gas station that had been taken over by crows.
Sentence 9: Radiation readings rose steadily as they neared the plant, including 6.7 microsieverts in Okuma.
Sentence 10: There, those on board put on respirator masks, adding to an ensemble of a protective suit, two pairs of gloves, two sets of plastic booties over their shoes and a radiation detector.

Annotator 0: Sentences 6 (importance 3), 3 (importance 2), 0 (importance 1)
Annotator 1: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 2 (importance 2), 1 (importance 1)
Annotator 2: Sentences 1 (importance 3), 0 (importance 2), 2 (importance 1)
Annotator 3: Sentences 1 (importance 3), 2 (importance 1)
Annotator 4: Sentences 1 (importance 2), 0 (importance 1)


Sentence 0: (CNN) -- Jacques Bazin didn't have time to catch his breath after being pulled from the rubble of a three-bedroom home on the outskirts of the Haitian capital.
Sentence 1: Though he'd been trapped in the house for three days, he marshaled the strength to begin helping the Haitians who had just rescued him search for other survivors.
Sentence 2: He spoke to CNN on Friday, two hours after being rescued, and again Saturday as he worked to free 10 children still encased in the toppled residence.
Sentence 3: "Next time you call, God willing, they might be out.
Sentence 4: Otherwise, they will die," he said.
Sentence 5: "Their voices are really low because for four days, they eat nothing.
Sentence 6: I drill holes on top of the cement and put bread inside so they can eat.
Sentence 7: What we do, we have to do fast."
Sentence 8: Friday evening made his mission more urgent as two children were killed when an aftershock -- one of four that day, all 4.6 magnitude or higher -- disrupted the concrete slabs imprisoning them, he said.
Sentence 9: A New York-based philanthropist, Bazin, 54, has been in Haiti since December 13.
Sentence 10: His nonprofit organization, JB Humanitarian, builds schools for the poor in Haiti.

Annotator 0: Sentences 0 (importance 2), 8 (importance 2), 1 (importance 1)
Annotator 1: Sentences 1 (importance 3), 2 (importance 2), 4 (importance 1)
Annotator 2: Sentences 3 (importance 3), 5 (importance 3), 0 (importance 2)
Annotator 3: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 9 (importance 3), 6 (importance 2)
Annotator 4: Sentences 9 (importance 3), 5 (importance 2), 1 (importance 1)


Sentence 0: Tokyo (CNN) -- Japan's largest utility said Thursday that more radiation than previously thought was released into the atmosphere in March 2011, in the days after the nuclear disaster that followed an earthquake and tsunami.
Sentence 1: TEPCO (Tokyo Electric Power Co.) estimates about 900,000 terabecquerels of radioactive materials were released between March 12 and March 31, according to Japan's Kyodo news agency.
Sentence 2: This is more than the estimates issued by the Nuclear Safety Commission of Japan or the government's nuclear safety agency, the news agency said.
Sentence 3: The utility said the release of radioactive material after March dropped sharply.
Sentence 4: Hard lessons for U.S. nuclear safety from Fukushima meltdown

The latest figures from TEPCO come a day after the World Health Organization released a report on radiation doses that said infants living in the communities worst affected by the meltdown at the Fukushima Daiichi plant were exposed to much higher than normal levels of radiation.
Sentence 5: In one town in the Fukushima area, the estimated thyroid doses to infants are within a dose band of 100 to 200 millisieverts (mSv), the preliminary report said.
Sentence 6: This level of radiation exposure could be associated with an increased likelihood of developing cancer.
Sentence 7: However, in the rest of Japan, the estimated thyroid doses are within a dose band of 1 to 10 mSv, the report said.
Sentence 8: Outside the country, the estimated thyroid doses are less than 0.01 mSv, and are usually far below this very low level, it said.
Sentence 9: Scientists looked at radiation doses to the thyroid, among other measures, because radioactive iodine-131 tends to accumulate in the thyroid, the most exposed organ in the body.
Sentence 10: After the Chernobyl accident in 1986, a higher incidence of thyroid cancer was found in people who were children at the time of the accident, previous studies have found.

Annotator 0: Sentences 1 (importance 3), 5 (importance 2), 0 (importance 1)
Annotator 1: Sentences 0 (importance 2)
Annotator 2: Sentences 0 (importance 2)
Annotator 3: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 1 (importance 2), 3 (importance 1)
Annotator 4: Sentences 4 (importance 3), 1 (importance 2), 0 (importance 1)


Sentence 0: (CNN) -- The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center canceled a tsunami warning less than an hour after it was issued Wednesday for Kermadec Island, Tonga and New Zealand.
Sentence 1: A tsunami was detected following a major earthquake nearby.
Sentence 2: A 1-meter-high tsunami washed ashore at Raoul Island, the largest and northernmost of the main Kermadec Islands, said Vinhlu Hsu, a geophysicist with the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center in Hawaii.
Sentence 3: It caused no damage, he said.
Sentence 4: The tsunami formed after an earthquake with a preliminary magnitude of 7.6 shook the Kermadec Islands at 7:03 a.m. Thursday (3:03 p.m.
Sentence 5: ET Wednesday), according to the U.S. Geological Survey.
Sentence 6: The quake was centered 163 kilometers (101 miles) east of Raoul Island, and 913 kilometers (567 miles) south of Nuku'alofa, Tonga, the survey said.
Sentence 7: The depth was a relatively shallow 20 kilometers (12.4 miles).
Sentence 8: "Sea-level readings confirm that a tsunami was generated," the center said.
Sentence 9: New Zealand's Ministry of Civil Defense and Emergency Management said it was keeping a marine threat warning in place throughout Thursday for waters off northern New Zealand.
Sentence 10: Spokesman Vince Cholewa told CNN that boaters should not take to sea or operate in estuaries and people should stay off the beaches and coasts.

Annotator 0: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 2 (importance 2), 4 (importance 2)
Annotator 1: Sentences 9 (importance 3), 2 (importance 2), 1 (importance 1)
Annotator 2: Sentences 7 (importance 3), 6 (importance 2), 4 (importance 1)
Annotator 3: Sentences 4 (importance 3), 6 (importance 3), 1 (importance 2)
Annotator 4: Sentences 4 (importance 3), 6 (importance 3), 7 (importance 1)


Sentence 0: A 6.7-magnitude earthquake struck off Chile's Pacific coast Sunday, the U.S. Geological Survey said.
Sentence 1: The quake's epicenter was 60 kilometers (37 miles) west-northwest of Iquique, Chile, and its depth was 20 kilometers (12.4 miles), the USGS said.
Sentence 2: There were no immediate reports of damages or injuries, but local emergency officials activated a precautionary tsunami warning along the coast and urged residents to move to higher ground, regional emergency official Juan Basaez told CNN Chile.
Sentence 3: Sea level readings in the area indicate a tsunami was generated, the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center said, but there is no widespread destructive tsunami threat.
Sentence 4: The center warned of possible destruction on the coast within 200 kilometers (124 miles) from the quake's epicenter.
Sentence 5: Measuring the magnitude of earthquakes

The place where two earthquakes hit every hour

Annotator 0: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 1 (importance 2), 2 (importance 1)
Annotator 1: Sentences 3 (importance 3), 1 (importance 2), 0 (importance 1)
Annotator 2: Sentences 5 (importance 3), 0 (importance 2), 4 (importance 1)
Annotator 3: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 1 (importance 2)
Annotator 4: Sentences 4 (importance 3), 0 (importance 2), 1 (importance 1)


Sentence 0: Cap-Haitien, Haiti (CNN) -- Haiti reported more cholera deaths Wednesday as chaos reigned in this country's second-largest city, and cases among people who had traveled from Haiti were reported in Florida and the Dominican Republic.
Sentence 1: At least six people were wounded in related violence in Haiti.
Sentence 2: Photos: Cholera in Haiti

The cholera-infected woman who had recently traveled from Haiti to Florida was recovering, the Florida Department of Health said.
Sentence 3: Her case was identified through the state's disease surveillance system and sent to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta, Georgia, where it was confirmed, the state health department said.
Sentence 4: Florida, home to about 241,000 Haiti-born residents, has asked local health care providers to watch for people who become sick or show symptoms of cholera after returning from travel to Haiti.
Sentence 5: "We are working with our health care partners to ensure appropriate care of this individual and prevent the spread of this disease within the community," said State Surgeon General Ana Viamonte Ros.
Sentence 6: "We will continue to monitor the state for any future cases."
Sentence 7: The first confirmed case in the Dominican Republic was a 32-year-old Haitian construction worker who returned Friday from Haiti with symptoms of the illness, the health ministry said Tuesday night.
Sentence 8: The man, who was vomiting and had diarrhea, was hospitalized in Higuey, near the eastern resort town of Punta Cana, said Health Minister Bautista Rojas Gomez.
Sentence 9: The man was in stable condition, according to the newspaper El Nacional.
Sentence 10: According to data provided by the Caribbean countries, the Dominican Republic is the second-most popular Caribbean destination for American tourists, only behind Cancun, Mexico.

Annotator 0: Sentences 0 (importance 1)
Annotator 1: Sentences 7 (importance 3), 3 (importance 2), 5 (importance 1)
Annotator 2: Sentences 0 (importance 3)
Annotator 3: Sentences 0 (importance 1)
Annotator 4: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 7 (importance 2), 4 (importance 1)


Sentence 0: (CNN) -- A 7.2-magnitude earthquake has struck south of the Mariana Islands, according to the U.S. Geological Survey.
Sentence 1: The Mariana Islands -- an archipelago in the western Pacific Ocean -- are made up of two U.S. territories, Guam and the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands.
Sentence 2: The islands sit about three-quarters of the way from Hawaii to the Philippines.
Sentence 3: The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center did not issue a tsunami warning after the quake, which struck at 7:19 a.m. Saturday (5:19 p.m.
Sentence 4: ET Friday).
Sentence 5: "We wouldn't expect any kind of significant tsunami for this event," said the center's director, Charles McCreery, noting that the quake's magnitude was relatively low to provoke one.
Sentence 6: There were no immediate reports of casualties or damage, emergency management officials said.
Sentence 7: The quake struck about 375 kilometers (233 miles) west-southwest of Hagatna, Guam, and 445 kilometers (276 miles) west-southwest of Rota, Northern Mariana Islands.
Sentence 8: It ran 4.7 kilometers (2.9 miles) deep.
Sentence 9: CNN's Dan Gilgoff and Talia Kayali contributed to this report.

Annotator 0: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 3 (importance 2), 7 (importance 1)
Annotator 1: Sentences 2 (importance 3), 1 (importance 2), 0 (importance 1)
Annotator 2: Sentences 1 (importance 3), 0 (importance 2), 2 (importance 1)
Annotator 3: Sentences 1 (importance 3), 2 (importance 3), 5 (importance 3)
Annotator 4: Sentences 0 (importance 2)


Sentence 0: It's harvest time in Napa Valley, and it appears that the 6.0-magnitude earthquake that struck Northern California did not impact vineyards or the grapes on the vine, a local vintners' association said.
Sentence 1: The Sunday earthquake that sent more than 100 people to the hospital also sent wine barrels tumbling and wine bottles flying in the early morning hours.
Sentence 2: Yet a majority of region's vineyards are open for visitors.
Sentence 3: Some wineries suffered damage to their barrel storage areas, wine inventory and production equipment over the weekend, but "there were no reports of winery employees being injured by the earthquake," according a statement by Napa Valley Vintners, an association of 500 area vintners.
Sentence 4: Signorello Estate, which took to social media to announce the Napa winery would be closed Sunday, reopened Monday for business, an employee told CNN.
Sentence 5: Napa's Etude Wines stayed closed another day on Monday to clean up damage from the earthquake, but announced on its website that its tasting room would reopen on Tuesday.
Sentence 6: "Weather throughout the growing season has been ideal and vintners are expecting yet another excellent vintage, the third year in a row in the region," the association reported.
Sentence 7: Vintners who have quake-damaged equipment or facilities can contact the association to find "temporary tanks and other production equipment to help them get through the next few weeks."
Sentence 8: Most of the valley is operating normally, Napa City Manager Mike Parness said at a Sunday news conference.
Sentence 9: "I've been getting a lot of calls from people from outside the area that were planning on coming here, (who) are worried about it for fear this is some kind of disaster area, which means they can't come here and enjoy the valley," he said.
Sentence 10: "Conditions will be vastly improved over the next few days as we get on top of this."

Annotator 0: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 4 (importance 2), 5 (importance 2)
Annotator 1: Sentences 1 (importance 3), 0 (importance 2), 3 (importance 2)
Annotator 2: Sentences 10 (importance 3), 1 (importance 2), 0 (importance 1)
Annotator 3: Sentences 9 (importance 3), 7 (importance 2), 3 (importance 1)
Annotator 4: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 1 (importance 2)


Sentence 0: Port-au-Prince, Haiti (CNN) -- Another aftershock rocked Haiti on Friday.
Sentence 1: Buildings shook.
Sentence 2: People looked around to see what else might fall.
Sentence 3: Then they returned to what they had been doing.
Sentence 4: At a park in the capital that has become a tent city, a group of kids resumed their soccer game.
Sentence 5: Aftershocks have become a way of life in this devastated country along with so many other life-threatening challenges.
Sentence 6: The aftershocks -- smaller earthquakes that follow a more powerful one -- "will continue for months, if not years," the U.S. Geological Survey said.
Sentence 7: "The frequency of events will diminish with time, but damaging earthquakes will remain a threat."
Sentence 8: The quake Friday morning had a magnitude of 4.4, the Geological Survey said.
Sentence 9: That makes it much less powerful than the 7.0-magnitude quake that struck 10 days ago, leaving widespread death and destruction in its wake.
Sentence 10: An earthquake on Wednesday was the strongest aftershock so far, with a magnitude of 5.9.

Annotator 0: Sentences 0 (importance 3)
Annotator 1: Sentences 0 (importance 2), 4 (importance 2), 8 (importance 1)
Annotator 2: Sentences 8 (importance 3), 3 (importance 2), 0 (importance 1)
Annotator 3: Sentences 8 (importance 3), 9 (importance 1)
Annotator 4: Sentences 6 (importance 3), 9 (importance 2), 0 (importance 1)


Sentence 0: (CNN) -- A strong earthquake with a magnitude of 6.8 struck off the coast of Japan on Sunday, the U.S. Geological Survey reported.
Sentence 1: The earthquake hit 468 kilometers (302 miles) south-southwest of Tokyo at a depth of 348 kilometers, according to the USGS.
Sentence 2: There were no immediate reports of injuries or damage.
Sentence 3: The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center did not issue a tsunami warning.
Sentence 4: The USGS gave the quake a preliminary magnitude of 7.0 before downgrading it to 6.8.
Sentence 5: Ohio looks into quakes' possible link to fracking

Japan lies along the Pacific "ring of fire," an area of high seismic and volcanic activity stretching from New Zealand in the South Pacific up through Japan, across to Alaska and down the west coasts of North and South America.
Sentence 6: Last year, a devastating earthquake and tsunami hit northeastern Japan, leaving thousands of people dead or missing.
Sentence 7: The March 11 earthquake triggered powerful tsunami waves and sparked a nuclear crisis.

Annotator 0: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 1 (importance 3), 5 (importance 1)
Annotator 1: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 1 (importance 2), 5 (importance 1)
Annotator 2: Sentences 4 (importance 3), 6 (importance 3)
Annotator 3: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 1 (importance 2)
Annotator 4: Sentences 1 (importance 3), 0 (importance 2), 3 (importance 1)


Sentence 0: (CNN)Thousands remain missing in Nepal after a devastating earthquake struck the region on Saturday.
Sentence 1: A majority of them are Nepalese, Indian and Chinese residents, but a handful are adventurers, trekkers and vacationers who have not been heard from since the catastrophe.
Sentence 2: Technology has played a huge role in helping families share their worries, ask for help and search for their missing loved ones.
Sentence 3: Several organizations, such as Google and the Red Cross, have published features about the missing on their websites.
Sentence 4: And on CNN iReport, dozens of people have filed reports pleading for information that might help them locate their missing friends and relatives.
Sentence 5: The death toll in Nepal is rising; it has now surpassed more than 5,000.
Sentence 6: Though the news is mostly heartbreaking and worrisome, there have been stories of survival, of families reconnecting with loved ones days after the disaster.
Sentence 7: The walk of survival

After hearing about devastation in Nepal, Ahmed Shadmann of Bangladesh reached out to his nation's embassy in Nepal, made calls to old college contacts in South Asia and posted pleas on social media to help find his younger sister Raisaa Tashnova.
Sentence 8: Tashnova, 25, was with a group of friends at The Last Resort, a spa-like resort near the border with China.
Sentence 9: When the earthquake struck, she was getting ready for a group excursion, a canyon swing.
Sentence 10: She could see the ground splitting apart beneath her feet.

Annotator 0: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 5 (importance 2), 8 (importance 1)
Annotator 1: Sentences 5 (importance 3), 1 (importance 2), 0 (importance 1)
Annotator 2: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 8 (importance 2)
Annotator 3: Sentences 10 (importance 3), 9 (importance 2), 0 (importance 1)
Annotator 4: Sentences 1 (importance 3), 0 (importance 1), 5 (importance 1)


Sentence 0: A 4.1 magnitude earthquake struck Friday night in west-central South Carolina, the U.S. Geological Survey reported.
Sentence 1: The quake was the strongest to hit South Carolina since 2002, local emergency management officials said.
Sentence 2: The quake was centered 7 miles (12 kilometers) west-northwest of Edgefield, which is about 25 miles north of Augusta, Georgia, and 60 miles southwest of Columbia, South Carolina.
Sentence 3: The town of Edgefield has some 4,750 residents, according to the U.S. Census Bureau.
Sentence 4: The USGS estimates the quake's depth was about 3 miles (4.6 kilometers).
Sentence 5: The same federal agency initially estimated a 4.4 magnitude quake.
Sentence 6: An emergency dispatcher in Edgefield said there were no reports of damage or injuries tied to the tremor.
Sentence 7: Columbia County, Georgia, and the South Carolina Emergency Management Division also reported no damage or injuries.
Sentence 8: Still, the quake was big enough to be felt as far away as metropolitan Atlanta some 160 miles west.
Sentence 9: The shaking stirred up a lot of instant reactions online in an area recently battered by a powerful winter storm.
Sentence 10: But unlike the snow and ice that just fell, the tenor of the tremor banter appeared to be light.

Annotator 0: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 2 (importance 3), 3 (importance 1)
Annotator 1: Sentences 2 (importance 3), 1 (importance 2), 0 (importance 1)
Annotator 2: Sentences 2 (importance 3), 0 (importance 2), 4 (importance 1)
Annotator 3: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 1 (importance 2), 2 (importance 1)
Annotator 4: Sentences 1 (importance 2), 2 (importance 2), 0 (importance 1)


Sentence 0: The death toll from the magnitude-7.1 earthquake in the central Philippines rose Saturday to 183, authorities said.
Sentence 1: The massive quake, which struck Tuesday, also destroyed more 8,600 homes in Quezon City, according to the National Disaster Risk Reduction and Management Council.
Sentence 2: The bulk of the casualties were in Bohol province.
Sentence 3: Bohol residents struggle to recover after quake

In an update issued Saturday, the council said 583 people were injured and 13 were missing.
Sentence 4: The quake was centered about 620 kilometers (385 miles) south-southeast of Manila, near Catigbian, and its depth was 20 kilometers (12 miles), according to the U.S. Geological Survey.
Sentence 5: The Philippines disaster council gave the quake a slightly higher rating: 7.2 magnitude.
Sentence 6: Measuring the magnitude of earthquakes

The quake hit on a national holiday in the Philippines, at the beginning of the Muslim festival of Eid al-Adha.
Sentence 7: Landslides were reported in some areas.
Sentence 8: More than 8,500 homes were destroyed and nearly 26,000 were damaged, officials reported.
Sentence 9: The quake has affected nearly 3.5 million people across six provinces.
Sentence 10: More than 370,000 people were forced from their homes in the worst-affected Bohol province, the council said.

Annotator 0: Sentences 4 (importance 3), 1 (importance 2), 0 (importance 1)
Annotator 1: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 1 (importance 3), 4 (importance 3)
Annotator 2: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 1 (importance 3), 4 (importance 3)
Annotator 3: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 2 (importance 3), 4 (importance 3)
Annotator 4: Sentences 1 (importance 2), 2 (importance 1)


Sentence 0: DAVID, Panama (CNN) -- Dozens of families frightened by aftershocks slept outside overnight Wednesday after a magnitude 6.2 earthquake shook coastal Panama near the border with Costa Rica.
Sentence 1: The quake was centered about 235 miles (380 km) west of Panama City, near the town of David, according to the U.S. Geological Survey .
Sentence 2: The temblor occurred at 1:11 a.m.
Sentence 3: ET and residents reported feeling three aftershocks.
Sentence 4: There were no immediate reports of casualties, but damage was reported in the cities of Paso Canoa, David and Puerto Armuelles.
Sentence 5: The extent of the damage was not immediately known.
Sentence 6: Many families opted to stay outside their homes, saying that they felt as if the earth were swallowing them and that trees and their houses were falling down.
Sentence 7: One resident, Carlos Estribi, said he picked up his children in his arms and ran to the public plaza in David, seeking protection since he felt like his house was collapsing.
Sentence 8: Family members told CNN that patients at the Regional Hospital of David went outside and refused to go back in because aftershocks were still being felt.
Sentence 9: Patients at the Materno Infantil Jose de Obaldia Hospital and the Regional Rafael Hernandez Hospital also fled their rooms.
Sentence 10: Cyclists from Costa Rica, Colombia, the Dominican Republic and Germany, who were in David for a bicycle race, also had to leave their hotel rooms.

Annotator 0: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 1 (importance 3), 4 (importance 2)
Annotator 1: Sentences 1 (importance 3), 0 (importance 2), 9 (importance 1)
Annotator 2: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 1 (importance 2)
Annotator 3: Sentences 9 (importance 3), 5 (importance 2)
Annotator 4: Sentences 9 (importance 3), 1 (importance 2), 0 (importance 1)


Sentence 0: Dolakha, Nepal (CNN)As snow layered the trail before him, Hari Chaudhary thought it was odd.
Sentence 1: The veteran trekking guide had never seen snow on the trail in early October.
Sentence 2: The popular 21-day Annapurna Circuit takes trekkers in a horseshoe-shaped route around a majestic segment of the Himalayas in Nepal.
Sentence 3: On the 10th day of the tour, Chaudhary and his clients, two young Israeli women, were descending from the highest point of the trail, Thorung La Pass, to the next destination, a walk that would normally take about seven hours.
Sentence 4: Now, after more than 10 hours of heading downhill, the snow pelted.
Sentence 5: The flurry fell heavier and faster, obstructing their vision.
Sentence 6: There was nowhere to stop or rest; they had to keep walking.
Sentence 7: "You couldn't see the trail, there was snow everywhere, making it easy to get lost," said Chaudhary.
Sentence 8: "It was all white, in the distance you could only see shadows of people walking."
Sentence 9: Some wandered off the trail.
Sentence 10: As the blizzard continued, their feet sunk into the snow pile.

Annotator 0: Sentences 4 (importance 1)
Annotator 1: Sentences 2 (importance 3), 0 (importance 2), 3 (importance 1)
Annotator 2: Sentences 3 (importance 2), 2 (importance 1)
Annotator 3: Sentences 7 (importance 3), 4 (importance 2), 2 (importance 1)
Annotator 4: Sentences 0 (importance 1), 2 (importance 1), 3 (importance 1)


Sentence 0: (CNN) -- Golfers preparing for The Barclays FedEx Cup playoff event at Plainfield Country Club in New Jersey found themselves not only battling the course, but also the effects of a 5.8 magnitude earthquake which struck Virginia on Tuesday.
Sentence 1: The quake forced the closure of a nuclear power plant and was felt from as far afield as Georgia and New England, while also causing many PGA Tour players to post their reactions on the social-networking site Twitter.
Sentence 2: American world number 15 Bubba Watson used his @bubbawatson account to tweet: "This house we rented just shook!"
Sentence 3: Watson's compatriot Jason Dufner, who finished tied for 5th at the recent PGA Championship, also tweeted his shock after feeling the tremors: "Earthquake in Jersey?
Sentence 4: Or someone trying to give me a shake down??"
Sentence 5: Virginia earthquake rattles the East Coast

The 2007 Masters champion Zach Johnson was clearly concerned by the quake, in which no major injuries were reported, and tweeted: "Well.
Sentence 6: Just went through my first earthquake.
Sentence 7: Gotta believe it wasn't a big one here in NJ.
Sentence 8: But, it freaked me out.
Sentence 9: #kneesbuckled."
Sentence 10: Briton Justin Rose has been on the PGA Tour since 2003 and was on the driving range when he felt the quake.

Annotator 0: Sentences 2 (importance 3), 5 (importance 3)
Annotator 1: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 1 (importance 1)
Annotator 2: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 1 (importance 3), 2 (importance 2)
Annotator 3: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 1 (importance 2), 10 (importance 1)
Annotator 4: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 1 (importance 2), 5 (importance 1)


Sentence 0: Washington (CNN) -- Haitians being treated on a U.S. Navy hospital ship are requiring longer care than expected, forcing the U.S. and other international agencies to scramble for an alternative.
Sentence 1: The solution involves plans for a 3,000- to 5,000-bed temporary hospital on land, for continued care, because the ship is reaching its treatment limit, according to Gen. Douglas Fraser, the senior officer in charge of military operations in South America.
Sentence 2: The USNS Comfort, the Navy's hospital ship sent to assist in aid efforts, has performed more than 200 surgeries and treated more than 1,000 patients injured in the January 12 earthquake, and has been bolstering its medical staff to keep up with the demand.
Sentence 3: "It's used up the clinical capacity before we reach the bed-space capacity," Fraser, commander of the U.S. Southern Command, said at a Pentagon briefing Thursday.
Sentence 4: "The effort that we have ongoing right now for the discharge is looking to put together a facility where we have the ability to recover those patients -- and be able to provide them with that recovery space and time that they need," Fraser said.
Sentence 5: He said the initial effort would be to make a temporary facility on land the Haitian government has identified, with the facility consisting of tents and cots and whatever other resources can be scrounged together.
Sentence 6: Earlier this week the head of the U.S. military's aid relief in Haiti told reporters the military was assisting in getting together components of a large facility with 3,000 to 5,000 beds, to handle the health needs in Haiti.
Sentence 7: Lt. Gen. P.K.
Sentence 8: Keen said the U.S. military would provide medical equipment, but the United Nations is working with other aid organizations to staff it and contractors to build it.
Sentence 9: It's not clear where the hospital will be but military officials say it will be just outside of the capital, Port-au-Prince.
Sentence 10: Some patients discharged from the ship to continue care at home have no home to recover in, according to witnesses.

Annotator 0: Sentences 6 (importance 3), 0 (importance 2), 5 (importance 1)
Annotator 1: Sentences 2 (importance 2)
Annotator 2: Sentences 1 (importance 1), 2 (importance 1), 9 (importance 1)
Annotator 3: Sentences 2 (importance 2)
Annotator 4: Sentences 1 (importance 1)


Sentence 0: Port-au-Prince, Haiti (CNN) -- Earthquake victims, writhing in pain and grasping at life, watched doctors and nurses walk away from a field hospital Friday night after a Belgian medical team evacuated the area, saying it was concerned about security.
Sentence 1: The decision left CNN Chief Medical Correspondent Sanjay Gupta as the only doctor at the hospital to get the patients through the night.
Sentence 2: CNN initially reported, based on conversations with some of the doctors, that the United Nations ordered the Belgian First Aid and Support Team to evacuate.
Sentence 3: However, Belgian Chief Coordinator Geert Gijs, a doctor who was at the hospital with 60 Belgian medical personnel, said it was his decision to pull the team out for the night.
Sentence 4: Gijs said he requested U.N. security personnel to staff the hospital overnight, but was told that peacekeepers would only be able to evacuate the team.
Sentence 5: He said it was a "tough decision" but that he accepted the U.N. offer to evacuate after a Canadian medical team, also at the hospital with Canadian security officers, left the site Friday afternoon.
Sentence 6: The Belgian team returned Saturday morning.
Sentence 7: Gijs said the United Nations has agreed to provide security for Saturday night.
Sentence 8: The team has requested the Belgian government to send its own troops for the field hospital, which Gijs expects to arrive late Sunday.
Sentence 9: Responding to the CNN report that Gupta was the only doctor left at the Port-au-Prince field hospital, U.N. spokesman Martin Nesirky said Saturday that the world body's mission in Haiti did not order any medical team to leave.
Sentence 10: If the team left, it was at the request of their own organization, he said.

Annotator 0: Sentences 0 (importance 2)
Annotator 1: Sentences 0 (importance 2), 9 (importance 1)
Annotator 2: Sentences 0 (importance 3)
Annotator 3: Sentences 0 (importance 2)
Annotator 4: Sentences 9 (importance 3), 0 (importance 2), 8 (importance 2)


Sentence 0: (CNN) -- A 6.3-magnitude earthquake ripped through Christchurch, New Zealand, on Tuesday afternoon, causing multiple fatalities as it toppled buildings onto buses, buckled streets and damaged cathedrals, authorities said.
Sentence 1: New Zealand Police announced on the agency's website that a large-scale evacuation of the central city was under way.
Sentence 2: According to the news release, the earthquake killed an undetermined number of people at various locations around the city, including passengers on two buses crushed by buildings that had fallen on them.
Sentence 3: TVNZ reported that the 147-year-old Christchurch Cathedral's spire had toppled, Christchurch Hospital was being evacuated and the airport was closed.
Sentence 4: Laura Campbell told CNN she was at work at the bottom of a six-story building when the earthquake struck.
Sentence 5: She described seeing "windows blowing out, bricks falling down, people screaming, the whole nine yards."
Sentence 6: "It was bloody serious," said Campbell, who was trying to walk home.
Sentence 7: "I'm worried about what I'm going to find down the road."
Sentence 8: The U.S. Geological Survey said the quake struck just before 1 p.m. Tuesday (7 p.m. Monday ET), and a 5.6-magnitude aftershock struck about 15 minutes later.
Sentence 9: The U.S.G.S.
Sentence 10: recorded a second 5.5-magnitude aftershock shortly before 3 p.m. local time.

Annotator 0: Sentences 2 (importance 2), 0 (importance 1)
Annotator 1: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 8 (importance 2), 2 (importance 1)
Annotator 2: Sentences 0 (importance 2), 4 (importance 2)
Annotator 3: Sentences 4 (importance 3), 3 (importance 1)
Annotator 4: Sentences 0 (importance 2), 1 (importance 2), 6 (importance 1)


Sentence 0: (CNN Student News) -- March 21, 2011

Download PDF maps related to today's show:

• Libya • Japan: Disaster-affected Areas • Haiti

Transcript

THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT.
Sentence 1: THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED.
Sentence 2: CARL AZUZ, CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR: Military action is underway in the skies over Libya, and the U.S. is one of several countries involved.
Sentence 3: It's our first story in the week's first edition of CNN Student News.
Sentence 4: First Up: Libya Civil War

AZUZ: It's called "Operation Odyssey Dawn," and the goal is to enforce a no-fly zone over Libya.
Sentence 5: The United Nations Security Council voted for that no-fly zone late last week.
Sentence 6: The coalition responsible for enforcing it is made up of forces from the U.S., Great Britain and France, among others.
Sentence 7: After the Security Council's vote, Libya's government declared a cease-fire in its fighting with rebel forces.
Sentence 8: And it invited representatives from other nations to come to Libya to make sure the cease-fire was real.
Sentence 9: Coalition forces were convinced that Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi was not following the rules of the cease-fire.
Sentence 10: On Saturday, the coalition attacked.

Annotator 0: Sentences 0 (importance 3)
Annotator 1: Sentences 0 (importance 1)
Annotator 2: Sentences 1 (importance 3), 5 (importance 3), 0 (importance 2)
Annotator 3: Sentences 3 (importance 3), 6 (importance 2), 5 (importance 1)
Annotator 4: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 1 (importance 2), 2 (importance 1)


Sentence 0: (CNN) -- An earthquake struck late Saturday off Papua New Guinea's eastern coast with a preliminary magnitude of 7.5, the U.S. Geological Survey said.
Sentence 1: The quake struck at 11:27 p.m. (9:27 a.m.
Sentence 2: ET) and occurred at a depth of 19 miles (32 km), the USGS said.
Sentence 3: It was centered 47 miles (75 km) southwest of Panguna, Papua New Guinea.
Sentence 4: After the quake, the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center issued a tsunami warning for Papua New Guinea and the Solomon Islands, but then canceled it.
Sentence 5: Saturday's incident is the latest in a series of seismic events in the region over the week.
Sentence 6: They began with magnitude-7.1 and magnitude-6.5 earthquakes on April 11, just to the northeast and southeast, respectively.
Sentence 7: Since then, 45 earthquakes of magnitude-4.5 or greater have occurred nearby.
Sentence 8: Earthquakes with magnitudes between 7.0 and 7.9 are classified by USGS as "major," second only to "great," which are 8.0 and up.

Annotator 0: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 3 (importance 3), 4 (importance 2)
Annotator 1: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 3 (importance 2), 2 (importance 1)
Annotator 2: Sentences 8 (importance 3), 2 (importance 2), 0 (importance 1)
Annotator 3: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 3 (importance 3)
Annotator 4: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 1 (importance 2), 2 (importance 1)


Sentence 0: A strong earthquake shook central Japan on Saturday night, injuring dozens of people and destroying homes in a well-known ski resort, authorities said.
Sentence 1: Reports differed on the intensity of the quake, centered in a remote mountainous area of Nagano prefecture.
Sentence 2: The Japan Meteorological Agency reported it was magnitude 6.8; the U.S. Geological Survey (USGS) said it was magnitude 6.2.
Sentence 3: One of the hardest hit areas was the skiing village of Hakuba, where at least seven housing and storage structures collapsed.
Sentence 4: Seven of the 39 people hurt in the quake suffered serious injuries, Nagano prefectural police said.
Sentence 5: Japanese television stations carried images of landslides that had cut off roads and railroads, as well as flattened houses and warped highways.
Sentence 6: More than 300 rescue workers were deployed to search for people trapped in collapsed homes.
Sentence 7: Authorities said the rescue operation was completed.
Sentence 8: No electric facilities, including nuclear power plants, were damaged, the Tokyo Electric Power Co. said via Twitter Saturday.
Sentence 9: Aftershocks followed the main quake Saturday night, including one measured at magnitude 4.1, the Japan Meteorological Agency said.

Annotator 0: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 2 (importance 2), 1 (importance 1)
Annotator 1: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 1 (importance 2), 3 (importance 2)
Annotator 2: Sentences 0 (importance 2), 3 (importance 2)
Annotator 3: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 2 (importance 3), 4 (importance 2)
Annotator 4: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 2 (importance 2), 3 (importance 2)


Sentence 0: (CNN) -- A 6.8-magnitude earthquake struck Monday off the third-largest island in the Philippines, prompting the country to issue a tsunami alert for the coastlines near the epicenter.
Sentence 1: The quake struck about 11:49 a.m. (10:49 p.m. Sunday ET) about 70 kilometers (44 miles) from the coastal city of Dumaguete on the Philippine island of Negros, the USGS said.
Sentence 2: The Philippine Institute of Volcanology and Seismology issued a Level 2 tsunami alert for areas along the Tanon Strait between Negros and the neighboring island of Cebu.
Sentence 3: That's a notch below the highest tsunami alert of Level 3, which requires evacuation of the affected areas, a spokeswoman for the institute said.
Sentence 4: She said the institute was advising people to watch out for unusual waves and to stay away from the shoreline.
Sentence 5: The alert was issued at 12:31 p.m. (11:31 p.m. Sunday ET), the spokeswoman said.
Sentence 6: No tsunami warning has been issued for the wider Pacific region and there is no tsunami threat to Hawaii, the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center said.
Sentence 7: The earthquake occurred in the ocean at a depth of 46.6 kilometers (29 miles), according to the USGS.
Sentence 8: There were no initial reports of widespread damage.
Sentence 9: At the Circle Inn Hotel in the city of Bacolod, which is on Negros but not on the coast nearest the quake's epicenter, a receptionist said the quake lasted between three and five minutes.
Sentence 10: "We felt the shaking," the receptionist said.

Annotator 0: Sentences 1 (importance 3), 2 (importance 2), 4 (importance 1)
Annotator 1: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 1 (importance 1)
Annotator 2: Sentences 2 (importance 2), 1 (importance 1), 6 (importance 1)
Annotator 3: Sentences 2 (importance 3), 1 (importance 2), 0 (importance 1)
Annotator 4: Sentences 1 (importance 3), 2 (importance 2), 0 (importance 1)


Sentence 0: (CNN) -- The magnitude-8.8 earthquake that rocked the west coast of Chile last month was violent enough to move the city of Concepcion at least 10 feet to the west and the capital, Santiago, about 11 inches to the west-southwest, researchers said.
Sentence 1: The quake also shifted other parts of South America, as far apart as the Falkland Islands and Fortaleza, Brazil.
Sentence 2: The results were reached via global positioning satellite measurements taken before and after the February 27 quake by teams from The Ohio State University, the University of Hawaii, the University of Memphis and the California Institute of Technology, as well as agencies across South America.
Sentence 3: NASA scientists have also credited the quake with shifting the Earth's axis enough to create shorter days.
Sentence 4: The change is negligible, but still worth noting: Each day should be 1.26 microseconds shorter, according to preliminary calculations.
Sentence 5: A microsecond is one-millionth of a second.
Sentence 6: A large quake -- like the one that hit Chile's Maule region -- shifts massive amounts of rock and alters the distribution of mass on the planet.
Sentence 7: When that distribution changes, it changes the rate at which the planet rotates.
Sentence 8: And the rotation rate determines the length of a day.
Sentence 9: "Any worldly event that involves the movement of mass affects the Earth's rotation," Benjamin Fong Chao, of NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt, Maryland, said while explaining the phenomenon in 2005.
Sentence 10: Despite the tragedy of the earthquake, which killed hundreds of Chileans, scientists see opportunities to gain valuable information in the aftermath.

Annotator 0: Sentences 1 (importance 3), 6 (importance 2), 0 (importance 1)
Annotator 1: Sentences 10 (importance 3), 3 (importance 2), 0 (importance 1)
Annotator 2: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 1 (importance 2), 6 (importance 1)
Annotator 3: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 1 (importance 2)
Annotator 4: Sentences 10 (importance 3), 9 (importance 2), 3 (importance 1)


Sentence 0: (CNN) -- The death toll from the magnitude-7.1 earthquake in the central Philippines rose to 144 on Wednesday, authorities said.
Sentence 1: The quake, which struck Tuesday, injured 291 people and rattled many celebrating a religious holiday.
Sentence 2: The bulk of the casualties were in Bohol province.
Sentence 3: More than 20 people are missing, and authorities are checking into reports of people trapped in collapsed buildings, the Philippines News Agency reported.
Sentence 4: The quake was centered about 620 kilometers (385 miles) south-southeast of Manila, near Catigbian, and its depth was 20 kilometers (12 miles), according to the U.S. Geological Survey.
Sentence 5: The Philippines disaster council gave the temblor a slightly higher rating: 7.2 magnitude.
Sentence 6: iReport: 'Our building is not safe'

Tuesday was a national holiday, the beginning of the Muslim festival of Eid al-Adha.
Sentence 7: There was no widespread threat of a tsunami, the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center said.
Sentence 8: It warned that earthquakes this large can sometimes cause tsunamis within 100 kilometers of the epicenter.
Sentence 9: Tourist Robert Michael Poole said he was riding a bike in Bohol when the earthquake struck and cracked the road in front of him.
Sentence 10: "It was very strong," Poole said.

Annotator 0: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 1 (importance 3), 4 (importance 3)
Annotator 1: Sentences 4 (importance 2), 0 (importance 1)
Annotator 2: Sentences 4 (importance 3), 7 (importance 2), 0 (importance 1)
Annotator 3: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 1 (importance 2)
Annotator 4: Sentences 0 (importance 2), 4 (importance 2), 2 (importance 1)


Sentence 0: Melamchi, Nepal (CNN)Even from high above, flying in an Indian Air Force helicopter, it is easy to see that the people of Melamchi, central Nepal, are happy to see us.
Sentence 1: Residents in this remote village, about a 44km drive from Nepal's capital, Kathmandu, stand on the distinctive steeply terraced hillsides and wave furiously as the relief flight passes overhead.
Sentence 2: The mission, a joint effort between Indian air crew and a Nepalese army medical team, is only the third operation of its kind to reach the village since Saturday's massive 7.8-magnitude quake, which left more than 5,000 people dead.
Sentence 3: The aircraft is stuffed to capacity with tents, medicines and packages of tinned tuna, instant noodles and rice, all bundled haphazardly aboard the Mi-17 by soldiers at the air base in Kathmandu barely 15 minutes earlier.
Sentence 4: Local official Upendra Tamang is there to greet the helicopter as it touches down on a field in front of the village medical clinic, and waiting soldiers swing into action to unload the delivery.
Sentence 5: He says people have been desperately awaiting the supplies.
Sentence 6: The situation in Melamchi and the surrounding villages is "dire," he tells CNN through a translator.
Sentence 7: According to Nepal's National Emergency Operation Center, 1,376 people were killed in Sindhupalchok District, where Melamchi is located, when the earthquake hit.
Sentence 8: Some 18,000 houses were destroyed and 100,000 people have been displaced in the surrounding area, says Tamang.
Sentence 9: "Everyone is sleeping outside," he says.
Sentence 10: He has serious concerns about food supplies in the region, saying the piled boxes of rice and noodles aren't nearly enough to meet the needs of local people.

Annotator 0: Sentences 2 (importance 3), 7 (importance 3), 0 (importance 1)
Annotator 1: Sentences 7 (importance 3), 0 (importance 2), 1 (importance 2)
Annotator 2: Sentences 0 (importance 2), 2 (importance 2), 4 (importance 2)
Annotator 3: Sentences 2 (importance 3)
Annotator 4: Sentences 7 (importance 3), 1 (importance 2), 2 (importance 1)


Sentence 0: (CNN Student News) -- April 3, 2014

It struck with tremendous force, but it appears to have caused limited damage: Today, we'll explore the effects of an 8.2-magnitude earthquake near Chile.
Sentence 1: We also explain why it's so difficult for recovery officials to sort through the aftermath of a mudslide in Washington state.
Sentence 2: And we'll introduce you to a student who gained acceptance to every school in the Ivy League.
Sentence 3: On this page you will find today's show Transcript, the Daily Curriculum, and a place for you to leave feedback.
Sentence 4: TRANSCRIPT

Click here to access the transcript of today's CNN Student News program.
Sentence 5: Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published.
Sentence 6: DAILY CURRICULUM

Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum (PDF).
Sentence 7: Media Literacy Question of the Day:

What challenges might reporters face as the try to get accurate information immediately after a natural disaster?
Sentence 8: Key Concepts: Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today's show:

1. subduction zone

2.
Sentence 9: First Amendment

3.
Sentence 10: Ivy League

Fast Facts:  How well were you listening to today's program?

Annotator 0: Sentences 7 (importance 3), 3 (importance 2), 1 (importance 1)
Annotator 1: Sentences 0 (importance 3)
Annotator 2: Sentences 0 (importance 3)
Annotator 3: Sentences 0 (importance 3)
Annotator 4: Sentences 2 (importance 3), 1 (importance 2), 0 (importance 1)


Sentence 0: (CNN) -- A powerful earthquake struck early Monday in western Iran, injuring at least 250 people in a region near the border with Iraq.
Sentence 1: Local authorities said they fear the quake may have caused widespread destruction in rural areas.
Sentence 2: The 6.2-magnitude earthquake hit at a depth of around 10 kilometers (6 miles) in an area 36 kilometers southeast of the Iranian city of Abdanan, the U.S. Geological Survey said.
Sentence 3: It was followed by a series of aftershocks.
Sentence 4: The quake injured at least 250 people in the province of Ilam, Iran's official news agency IRNA reported, citing local disaster management authorities.
Sentence 5: The tremors cut off water, electricity and phone lines in Abdanan.
Sentence 6: There were no immediate reports of any deaths.
Sentence 7: Ilam Governor Majid Asghari told IRNA that authorities expected to find severe destruction in rural areas close to the epicenter, which was roughly 40 kilometers from the Iraqi border and not far from Iranian oil exploration and production facilities.
Sentence 8: IRNA reported that eight villages were particularly hard hit, with around half the homes in them destroyed.
Sentence 9: Two weaker earthquakes, of magnitudes 4.8 and 5.0, had hit Ilam on Sunday, the USGS said.
Sentence 10: What to know about earthquakes

Measuring the magnitude of earthquakes

CNN's Sara Mazloumsaki and Stefan Simons contributed to this report.

Annotator 0: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 2 (importance 3), 4 (importance 3)
Annotator 1: Sentences 2 (importance 3), 0 (importance 2), 7 (importance 2)
Annotator 2: Sentences 2 (importance 3), 0 (importance 2), 7 (importance 2)
Annotator 3: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 2 (importance 3), 7 (importance 3)
Annotator 4: Sentences 2 (importance 3), 5 (importance 2), 7 (importance 1)


Sentence 0: (CNN) -- It met the definition of a major one, but the magnitude-7.2 earthquake that struck Friday in southern Mexico's Guerrero state didn't land the kind of punch that it might have.
Sentence 1: "There was no way not to feel it," Gustavo Lozano told CNN about the temblor, which struck at 9:27 a.m. (10:27 a.m.
Sentence 2: ET) and was centered 22 miles (36 kilometers) north-northwest of Tecpan.
Sentence 3: He was with his family at their home in Barra de Potosi, a fishing village nearly a three-hour drive northwest of Tecpan, when the earthquake hit.
Sentence 4: "It was extremely strong."
Sentence 5: Afraid of a possible tsunami, and unaware that no advisory had been issued for one, he and his family drove to a shelter at the Ixtapa-Zihuatanejo International Airport, where dozens of other people also were gathering.
Sentence 6: En route, they noticed a few walls from older buildings had collapsed, but nothing worse.
Sentence 7: Once there, they concluded they needn't have bothered taking shelter.
Sentence 8: "It seems like the worst has already happened," he said.
Sentence 9: The quake's depth at the epicenter was a shallow 15 miles (24 kilometers), the U.S. Geological Survey said.
Sentence 10: The Mexican National Seismological Service measured its depth at 6 miles (10 kilometers) and its magnitude as 7.0.

Annotator 0: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 2 (importance 2), 3 (importance 1)
Annotator 1: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 2 (importance 2), 9 (importance 2)
Annotator 2: Sentences 4 (importance 3), 6 (importance 1)
Annotator 3: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 3 (importance 2), 5 (importance 1)
Annotator 4: Sentences 2 (importance 3), 3 (importance 3), 0 (importance 2)


Sentence 0: (CNN) -- Since March 11, the six reactors at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant have been in various states of disrepair after being battered by a 9.0-magnitude earthquake and subsequent tsunami.
Sentence 1: Here is the latest on the status of each reactor and what was being done to prevent further emissions of radioactive material.
Sentence 2: Reactor No.
Sentence 3: 1

Pressure and temperature levels at the No.
Sentence 4: 1 reactor continue to fluctuate, though Hidehiko Nishiyama of Japan's nuclear and industrial safety agency told reporters Friday that the situation then appeared "rather stable."
Sentence 5: While conceding that "controlling the temperature and pressure has been difficult," Nishiyama said there were indications that the pressure and temperature were both decreasing.
Sentence 6: Authorities hope to begin injecting fresh water, rather than seawater as has been done, into the reactor's spent nuclear fuel pool.
Sentence 7: According to the Japan Atomic Industrial Forum, a nuclear industry group basing its data on official government and utility information, the No.
Sentence 8: 1 unit's reactor core has been damaged, but its containment vessel was not.
Sentence 9: As of Friday, the reactor's cooling systems were still not operational.
Sentence 10: Still, the building was "severely damaged" by an earlier hydrogen explosion.

Annotator 0: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 1 (importance 1), 4 (importance 1)
Annotator 1: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 1 (importance 2), 3 (importance 1)
Annotator 2: Sentences 0 (importance 2)
Annotator 3: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 1 (importance 2)
Annotator 4: Sentences 9 (importance 3), 6 (importance 2), 0 (importance 1)


Sentence 0: Port-au-Prince, Haiti (CNN)  -- Rescuers were still finding survivors trapped in the ruins of collapsed buildings in earthquake-ravaged Haiti on Wednesday, and relief officials said efforts to get aid into the hands of survivors were improving.
Sentence 1: A magnitude 5.9 aftershock rattled Port-au-Prince early Wednesday, the strongest since the original 7.0-magnitude quake struck January 12, the United States Geological Survey reported.
Sentence 2: Meanwhile, complaints about bottlenecks that have hindered the delivery of food, water and medicine to survivors persisted even as U.S. and U.N. officials said the effort has begun to make progress.
Sentence 3: "There's big success in getting things into the port," said Steve Hollingworth, chief operating officer of CARE.
Sentence 4: "The real challenge now is following through and having a series of successful distributions going on all over the country, and that's a challenge for a lot of reasons."
Sentence 5: Wednesday's aftershock was centered about 35 miles (60 kilometers) west-southwest of Port-au-Prince, and about 6.2 miles (10 kilometers) deep, according to the USGS.
Sentence 6: Patients at a hospital near Haiti's airport in the capital Port-au-Prince immediately started praying as the ground shook like a ship rocking back and forth.
Sentence 7: They asked for forgiveness and protection, a nurse there said.
Sentence 8: An aftershock that size can pose significant danger in an area where buildings already are damaged -- and one nonprofit organization, Save the Children, said its staff "heard already-weakened structures collapsing" as a result of the aftershock.
Sentence 9: Engineering team heads to check buildings

Haiti's government put the confirmed death toll at more than 72,000 on Tuesday, with other estimates ranging as high as 200,000.
Sentence 10: The confirmed toll already puts Haiti's quake among the 10 deadliest of the last century, according to USGS figures.

Annotator 0: Sentences 1 (importance 3), 0 (importance 2), 5 (importance 1)
Annotator 1: Sentences 2 (importance 3), 3 (importance 2)
Annotator 2: Sentences 1 (importance 3), 5 (importance 3), 0 (importance 1)
Annotator 3: Sentences 1 (importance 3), 0 (importance 2)
Annotator 4: Sentences 5 (importance 2), 1 (importance 1)


Sentence 0: (CNN) -- A strong earthquake jolted the southern Philippines on Thursday, the U.S. Geological Survey said.
Sentence 1: The 6.2 magnitude quake struck at 11:20 a.m. local time (10:20 p.m.
Sentence 2: ET).
Sentence 3: There were no immediate reports of injuries and a tsunami warning was not issued, said Jane Punongbayan of the Philippine Institute of Volcanology and Seismology.
Sentence 4: "That was enough to cause panic in some people," Punongbayan said.
Sentence 5: "Some people in the mall ran out of the mall, but according to initial reports it was not strong enough to cause damage."
Sentence 6: The quake struck 55 kilometers (35 miles) southeast of General Santos in the island of Mindanao or 1,095 kilometers (680 miles) south-southeast of Manila and at a depth of 207 kilometers (129 miles), USGS said.
Sentence 7: The Philippines is located on the "Ring of Fire," an arc of volcanoes and fault lines encircling the Pacific Basin that is prone to frequent earthquakes and volcanic eruptions.
Sentence 8: The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center did not issue a tsunami warning for the quake.

Annotator 0: Sentences 0 (importance 2), 6 (importance 1)
Annotator 1: Sentences 7 (importance 3), 6 (importance 2), 0 (importance 1)
Annotator 2: Sentences 6 (importance 3), 0 (importance 2), 7 (importance 1)
Annotator 3: Sentences 6 (importance 3), 1 (importance 2), 0 (importance 1)
Annotator 4: Sentences 6 (importance 3), 0 (importance 2), 7 (importance 2)


Sentence 0: Tokyo (CNN) -- Workers at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power station returned to the plant Friday after a strong aftershock forced them to leave a day earlier, the plant's owner said.
Sentence 1: The quake forced crews at the plant to evacuate as it rattled northern Japan late Thursday night.
Sentence 2: They returned to the plant about eight and a half hours later, and no fresh damage to the facility had been reported Friday afternoon, the Tokyo Electric Power Company said.
Sentence 3: Before the quake, engineers had been injecting non-flammable nitrogen into the No.
Sentence 4: 1 reactor containment shell to counter a buildup of hydrogen in the chamber.
Sentence 5: That process continued while the plant was evacuated, and so did the pumping of fresh water into that reactor and units 2 and 3, said Hidehiko Nishiyama, a spokesman for the Nuclear and Industrial Safety Agency.
Sentence 6: Hydrogen buildup is a symptom of overheated fuel rods in the cores of the reactors, which plant workers have been struggling to keep under control since the earthquake and tsunami.
Sentence 7: The nitrogen injections are aimed at displacing oxygen in the reactor shell, reducing the possibility of an explosion -- a chance Tokyo Electric called "extremely low."
Sentence 8: A hydrogen explosion blew the roof and upper walls off the No 1. reactor building two days after the quake, and another blast two days later blew apart the No.
Sentence 9: 3 building.
Sentence 10: A suspected hydrogen explosion is believed to have damaged the No.

Annotator 0: Sentences 8 (importance 3), 5 (importance 2), 0 (importance 1)
Annotator 1: Sentences 7 (importance 3), 5 (importance 2), 0 (importance 1)
Annotator 2: Sentences 0 (importance 2), 1 (importance 2)
Annotator 3: Sentences 1 (importance 2), 0 (importance 1)
Annotator 4: Sentences 3 (importance 3), 4 (importance 3), 5 (importance 3)


Sentence 0: Mexico City (CNN) -- A powerful earthquake with a preliminary magnitude of 6.3 struck southern Mexico on Monday, the U.S. Geological Survey said.
Sentence 1: The quake's epicenter was about 17 miles (27 kilometers) from Ometepec, Guerrero.
Sentence 2: It was about 7.6 miles (12 kilometers) deep, the USGS said.
Sentence 3: There were no immediate reports of damage or injuries.
Sentence 4: Officials described the quake as an aftershock of the 7.4-magnitude temblor which struck in the same area on March 20, damaging hundreds of homes.
Sentence 5: There have been 280 aftershocks since that quake, Mexico's National Seismological Survey reported.
Sentence 6: Residents felt Monday's quake in Mexico City, hundreds of miles from the epicenter.
Sentence 7: There were no initial reports of major damage in the capital, Mayor Marcelo Ebrard said on Twitter.
Sentence 8: The USGS describes Mexico as one of the most seismically active areas of the world.
Sentence 9: The country sees an average of seven earthquakes daily with a magnitude greater than 3.0, according to Mexico's National Seismological Service.
Sentence 10: CNN's Krupskaia Alis, Rafael Romo and Sean Morris contributed to this report.

Annotator 0: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 1 (importance 3), 6 (importance 2)
Annotator 1: Sentences 0 (importance 2), 1 (importance 2), 4 (importance 2)
Annotator 2: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 1 (importance 3), 6 (importance 2)
Annotator 3: Sentences 8 (importance 3), 5 (importance 2)
Annotator 4: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 1 (importance 3), 2 (importance 2)


Sentence 0: This one was big but it's not the Big One.
Sentence 1: An 8.2-magnitude earthquake struck off the coast of northern Chile Tuesday night, triggering small landslides, setting off a tsunami and killing at least five people.
Sentence 2: But geologists say an even larger quake in the region is lurking.
Sentence 3: "This magnitude 8.2 is not the large earthquake that we were expecting in this area," said Mark Simons, a geophysicist at Caltech in Pasadena, California.
Sentence 4: "We're expecting a potentially even larger earthquake."
Sentence 5: It could be tomorrow.
Sentence 6: Or it could be 50 years.
Sentence 7: "We do not know when it's going to occur," he said.
Sentence 8: Here's why:

Chile sits on an arc of volcanos and fault lines circling the Pacific Ocean known as the "Ring of Fire."
Sentence 9: This area sees frequent earthquakes and volcanic eruptions.
Sentence 10: The country itself has seen no shortage of seismic activity in recent years.

Annotator 0: Sentences 1 (importance 2), 3 (importance 2), 4 (importance 2)
Annotator 1: Sentences 1 (importance 3), 3 (importance 2), 8 (importance 2)
Annotator 2: Sentences 8 (importance 3), 6 (importance 2), 3 (importance 1)
Annotator 3: Sentences 1 (importance 3), 3 (importance 1)
Annotator 4: Sentences 9 (importance 3), 3 (importance 2), 1 (importance 1)


Sentence 0: (CNN) -- A strong 6.6-magnitude earthquake struck Sunday off the coast of Antarctica, prompting a warning that there was a "small possibility" it could trigger a tsunami.
Sentence 1: The tremor was centered in waters south of South America's southern tip, about 334 miles (539 kilometers) west of Coronation Island and 388 miles northeast of Palmer Station in Antarctica, the U.S. Geological Survey reported.
Sentence 2: It hit at 9:40 a.m. local time (8:40 a.m.
Sentence 3: ET) on Sunday, according to the federal agency, and had an estimated depth of 6.2 miles.
Sentence 4: Afterward, the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center released a statement saying that there appears to be no threat of "destructive widespread tsunami" because of the quake.
Sentence 5: But the agency did state "there is a small possibility of a local or regional tsunami that could affect coasts located usually no more than a few hundred kilometers from the earthquake epicenter.
Sentence 6: "Authorities in the region near the epicenter should be made aware of this possibility," the warning center added.

Annotator 0: Sentences 3 (importance 3), 0 (importance 2), 1 (importance 1)
Annotator 1: Sentences 5 (importance 3), 4 (importance 2), 1 (importance 1)
Annotator 2: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 1 (importance 2)
Annotator 3: Sentences 3 (importance 3), 1 (importance 2), 0 (importance 1)
Annotator 4: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 1 (importance 3)


Sentence 0: (CNN) -- Confusion and then an uneasy calm.
Sentence 1: That's how residents up and down the East Coast described their reaction to the 5.8-magnitude earthquake that rattled millions of people Tuesday.
Sentence 2: The quake, which struck at 1:51 p.m., was shallow -- just 3.7 miles deep.
Sentence 3: The epicenter was about 40 miles northwest of Richmond, Virginia, the U.S. Geological Survey said.
Sentence 4: It sent tremors throughout the region, surprising people at least as far away as New York, Ohio and Georgia.
Sentence 5: Sarah Merz said her co-worker in Camden, New Jersey, was the first one to notice the rumbling.
Sentence 6: "She said, 'What is that?
Sentence 7: Is it a train?'
Sentence 8: Everyone kind of started looking at each other.
Sentence 9: Everyone's eyes just kind of widened, and we all just ran to the front door."
Sentence 10: People stood stunned outside for a few minutes, she said.

Annotator 0: Sentences 4 (importance 3), 3 (importance 1), 5 (importance 1)
Annotator 1: Sentences 1 (importance 3), 3 (importance 2), 0 (importance 1)
Annotator 2: Sentences 4 (importance 3), 1 (importance 2), 3 (importance 1)
Annotator 3: Sentences 3 (importance 3), 4 (importance 3), 1 (importance 1)
Annotator 4: Sentences 3 (importance 3), 2 (importance 2), 1 (importance 1)


Sentence 0: (CNN) -- Cricket officials plan to commemorate the victims of the New Zealand earthquake when the country's national team plays neighboring Australia at the World Cup in India on Friday.
Sentence 1: Emergency workers are searching for survivors after at least 65 people were killed in a 6.3-magnitude quake in the southern hemisphere nation's second-biggest city Christchurch on Tuesday.
Sentence 2: "At times like this, sport can only offer its support and its deepest sympathy to those who have lost loved ones during such a tragedy," International Cricket Council chief executive Haroon Lorgat said in a statement.
Sentence 3: "It's a helpless feeling but I will be discussing with the organizers of the Cricket World Cup how we can most appropriately remember those who lost their lives or have been injured and affected when the Black Caps play their next match against Australia in Nagpur on Friday."
Sentence 4: New Zealand Cricket's headquarters is based in Christchurch, which is reeling from its second serious earthquake in six months.
Sentence 5: The first in September was stronger but caused no fatalities.
Sentence 6: It is the South Island's third tragedy in that period, following the mine explosion that killed 29 people in November.
Sentence 7: "The news we have is that the NZC offices have been severely damaged but thankfully everyone who works for NZC seems to have escaped without injury," Lorgat said.
Sentence 8: The New Zealand players opened their World Cup campaign on Sunday with a comfortable win over Kenya, but are now preparing for a much more difficult task against four-time champions Australia.
Sentence 9: "The greatest thing I think we can do for everyone is win our game against Australia.
Sentence 10: That'll bring a little bit of light relief to a lot of people going through a tough time," captain Daniel Vettori told the NZC website on Tuesday.

Annotator 0: Sentences 1 (importance 3), 6 (importance 2), 7 (importance 1)
Annotator 1: Sentences 1 (importance 3), 4 (importance 3)
Annotator 2: Sentences 6 (importance 3), 4 (importance 2), 1 (importance 1)
Annotator 3: Sentences 1 (importance 3), 0 (importance 2), 4 (importance 2)
Annotator 4: Sentences 7 (importance 2)


Sentence 0: (CNN) -- An early morning earthquake rattled northern Illinois on Wednesday, shaking an area about 50 miles west-northwest of downtown Chicago, the U.S. Geological Survey said.
Sentence 1: The quake was originally reported as having a magnitude of 4.3, but the USGS later downgraded it to magnitude 3.8.
Sentence 2: It hit just before 4 a.m. CT (5 a.m.
Sentence 3: ET), with an epicenter about 3 miles underground.
Sentence 4: The USGS pinpointed the quake between the towns of Virgil and Sycamore, Illinois.
Sentence 5: Millions of people felt the temblor, with reports coming in to the USGS from Georgia, Tennessee, Kentucky, Ohio, Indiana, Michigan, Iowa and Wisconsin, as well as Illinois.
Sentence 6: Members of the public sent more than 10,000 reports of the earthquake to the USGS within the first few hours after it struck.
Sentence 7: See local coverage of the Illinois earthquake

Several callers to CNN said the quake shook their homes severely, but there were no immediate reports of major damage.
Sentence 8: Doug Dupont of Belvidere, Illinois, about 70 miles northwest of downtown Chicago, said the quake shook him out of bed and caused a 1-foot-long crack in the wall of his kitchen.
Sentence 9: "It was really scary.
Sentence 10: It felt like a train was going by our house," Dupont said.

Annotator 0: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 4 (importance 3), 5 (importance 1)
Annotator 1: Sentences 7 (importance 3), 5 (importance 2), 0 (importance 1)
Annotator 2: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 1 (importance 3)
Annotator 3: Sentences 8 (importance 3), 7 (importance 2), 1 (importance 1)
Annotator 4: Sentences 0 (importance 3), 5 (importance 3), 4 (importance 2)


